goodbye	goodbye
noodles	noodles
which room	number 27
hello	hello
taiwan	wrong
have a try	i will
ready	north pole
no truly	welcome
i m sorry	no clubs
want one	thank you
i m back	still up
setsuko	quickly
fumiya	fumiya
fumiya	coming
just so so	by the way
uncle	ah setsuko
say what	what
answer me	speak up
don t stop	i can t
sociably h	nice cake
but why	why
i want	simply
woman tom	tom
tom	excuse me
excuse me	tom
he s very	what
good	oh god yes
i m hollow	there s
did we eat	didn t we
come	what is it
hello	come on in
come here	come here
it s me	soojung
i did it	uh oh
both sigh	thank you
thank you	go go
no	yes
agh no	hyah no
hyah no	cha no
cha no	vom oh
here	bite this
oh	ooh
ooh	yeah agh
hi hey	hi billy
bitch	blows
grunting	perfect
moaning	aagh
oh god	jack
and me	groaning
oh god	giggles
giggles	whoo
groans	billy
j p hm	slurps
look	the goat
hey brandt	laughter
laughter	marker
well good	i m happy
blow me	hot stuff
ecstasy	ecstasy
i did it	uh oh
both sigh	thank you
thank you	go go
no	yes
agh no	hyah no
hyah no	cha no
cha no	vom oh
here	bite this
oh	ooh
ooh	yeah agh
hi hey	hi billy
bitch	blows
grunting	perfect
moaning	aagh
oh god	jack
and me	groaning
oh god	giggles
giggles	whoo
groans	billy
j p hm	slurps
look	the goat
hey brandt	laughter
laughter	marker
well good	i m happy
blow me	hot stuff
ecstasy	ecstasy
am i right	go on
max	thank you
thank you	hello
eighteen	nineteen
nineteen	twenty
twenty	fifty more
that way	wait here
kim	rickie lee
manager	whatever
you are	thank you
as a	as a what
my team	was ready
alex	alex
alex	oh my god
three one	two
two	three
it s mined	jackson
move out	go go
cooper go	go go
go go	moving out
don t	please
move out	go
go go	go go go
thank you	always sir
gutted	no ammo
corpsman	listen
40 minutes	stay here
ready	pull pin
gon	gon
wait	wait
wait	why run
huh	huh win
huh win	win what
wait	afraid
thank you	hey
otsu dono	otsu dono
otsu dono	aoki dono
it s heavy	it s money
takuan	takuan
father	mother
takezo san	takezo san
takezo san	takezo san
takezo	takuan
damn you	takezo
takezo san	otsu san
cut it	cut it
otsu san	otsu san
sister	sister
slster	slster
i won t	that hurt
kitty	i couldn t
thank you	yes
yes	the devil
the devil	of course
true	yes
ari	come in
ari	what
i feel	outside
akistan	against
on may 15	1948
down there	dov
claudia	pharox
here here	and here
and here	remember
david	crixus yes
he kept it	so will l
vices	the ladies
no master	do you lie
you must	love her
caesar	which rome
which rome	theirs
theirs	or ours
who	crassus
go away	go away
you are he	aren t you
pick it up	pick it up
pick it up	come at me
kill kill	kill kill
kill kill	kill kill
please	please
spartacus	spartacus
thank you	good luck
dog barks	hyah
pick it up	come at me
better	come
quiet	quiet
please	please
hello	saludos
believe me	trust me
julio	marisol
marisol	get julio
piripero	eh
no	rubio
so long	adios
ah ah	ah ah
ah ah	thump
water	water
click	gasps
huh	carson
gulps	the gold
where	where here
where here	here
here	talk
talk	chokes
chokes	huh
talk	huh
it is	gasping
gasping	huh
huh	w water
w water	muttering
water	choking
stay there	don t move
oh	aah
he s dead	yeah
huh	a name
a name	huh
blondie	don t die
don t die	blondie
blondie	don t die
come on eh	come on
whoa	coughs
ring	blondie
hey blon	blondie
please	blondie
hey	hey pablo
hey	hey
bell rings	hyah
whoa	look
growls	whoa
lee	lee lee
forward	march
left	face
yeah yeah	that s me
get in	get in
get in	snarling
bolt slams	huh
clink	uh right
fort craig	mm hmm
mm hmm	mm hmm
mm hmm	very hard
very hard	chuckling
i	don t
ohh	ohh
a aaah	aah aahh
aah aahh	gasping
gasping	i
it s b	it s b
where	sad hill
sad hill	sad hill
blondie	blondie
blondie	gasping
gasping	blondie
and tuco	is he
is he	mm mmm
mm mmm	no
no	not yet
hold it	that s it
that s it	don t move
ahh	got it
got it	thank you
ready	aim
aim	fire
ding	ringing
clem	follow him
hey oop	hey oop
you	mean
fire	fire
fire	fire
yes	i iove you
thank you	dozo
perfect	cheers
300 000	so
well	me
i i	aki
aki	i m
she s dead	poisoned
it s metal	wait here
10 seconds	9 8
9 8	7 6
7 6	5 4
5 4	3 2
3 2	1 0
1 0	ignition
pa	look
yeah sure	as usual
who knows	patrick
he s timmy	yes
yes	dear god
dear god	on the day
mrs	mrs mcbain
wait frank	i didn t
yeah	delgetti
delgetti	what is it
what is it	wo k
what shift	second
no wait	now look
holding	stanton
that	no balder
how long	not long
two one	go
run for it	run run
yeah	why
what then	she s dead
hello	hello
really	yes
michael	be careful
lisa	yes
i m fine	you sure
never	why not
no thanks	guns
and you	and you
solitaire	my dear
ingenious	don t
whisper	the gate
coffee	sir
sugar	thanks
sorry sir	thank you
thank you	rosie
are you	no
70 75	85 95
okay	goodbye
hello	hi
angela	angela
angela	phillip
easy	easy
hold on	easy now
i m coming	i m coming
come on	come on
flaker	flaker sir
get off	get off
bob	bob
lisa	lisa
a 3000 gto	157 horses
this way	now
move out	move out
yo butkus	what is it
help what	you know
listen kid	hey mick
i uh	i know i
come on	baby baby
apollo	yeah
five	six
seven	eight
eight	nine
adrian	rocky
i love you	i love you
six five	four three
four three	two one
two one	zero
uncle owen	aunt beru
or anyone	i care
yai	hold on
yes or no	shut up
let s go	hurry up
let s go	wait
hey khun	master
not there	here
oh a baby	a baby
i love you	i know
h a a a	what
luke	father
9th	hussars
jew	lenin
gunshot	gunshot
a provoc	a provac
i m i m 30	i m 30
mm huh	eyes
danger	is peril
a warrior	a warrior
exactly	exactly
hello	hello
yes	i will
let it out	let it out
today	today
guess	belloq
well i	oh look
lightning	fire
oh yes	oh
yeah	i know it
what is it	the ark
okay	marion
jones	marion
yes	it is here
sallah	sallah
that s it	who knows
guess	belloq
what is it	the ark
sieg heil	ja
ha ha	i do
weahh	sorry indy
marion	hang on
indy	aow jesus
marion	look look
ha ha ha	goodbye
goten tag	mde
hello	jones
who	top men
sorry lndy	indy
down	down whoa
sallah	hello
hello	hello
marion	hang on
hang on	don t
indy	ow jesus
indy	here we go
here we go	get ready
marion	look look
oh my god	marion
truck	what truck
yes	mr katanga
from him	who him
who him	katanga
yeah	yeah
yeah	really
really	yeah
jones	jones
stand back	okay jones
okay jones	you win
you win	blow it up
you know	a drink
easy easy	easy yes
blair	blair
yes	hmm
ahhh	dammit
sit down	thank you
okay	thanks
ahem flynn	after you
ah	hey
where am l	you re a
wait here	alan
watch it	ahh
got it	ready
we made it	this far
one second	ahhh
flynn	help tron
tron	ah
ah	yori
halt	dumont
barely	yeah i uh
dumont	yori
no no	screaming
moaning	zamora
in zamora	ohh
ohh	moaning
moaning	panting
food	food
and you	to crom
come on	screaming
gasping	hold me
kiss me	kiss me
screaming	hey ya heh
aaah	yaah yaah
aaah	ah panting
fire	fire
fire	fire
yeah	sighs
uh	what the
except you	hmmm
of course	good
y bi 60	y bi 65
domino	excuse me
yes	good
right now	right now
ja maybe	i m crazy
surprising	come here
an itching	there
my lord	piter
feyd	rabban
rabban	go quietly
ahhh	laughing
yes sire	basically
the hark	forgive me
beeping	safe
mutters	the ring
the water	of my life
of my life	for paul
hold on	screams
groaning	grunts
grunts	groans
groans	go now
cha a a a	a aksa
ooh	now
cha a aksa	gurney
gurney	now
now	atomics
cha aksa	cha aksa
roaring	cha aksa
aaaaah	aaaaah
arrakis	dune
arrakis	dune
men dying	which men
i m sorry	paul paul
me	right now
fremen	fremen
messiah	paul
no wait	it s fine
muad dib	muad dib
traitor	who
who	guard dead
guard dead	shields
why	why
what	paul
paul	oh the boy
very good	great
oh lao	ow
antidote	to what
wow	wow
oh no	oh no
oh good	no
no	huh
no do you	oh no
okay	air speed
air speed	uh okay
uh okay	fuel
fuel	fuel
fuel	fuel
good	good
it crashed	no no
ranjit	ranjit
very funny	very funny
very funny	all wet
a priest	scram
rocks	stop
trouble	trouble
hurry	all right
let me in	let us out
let us out	shut up
do it now	okay
ooh	ew
huh	no
huh	come on
come on	go move
kali ma	kali ma
diamonds	diamonds
down there	down there
no	no no no
wait wait	he s mine
go	go go
hurry	hurry up
stop	let her go
come on	look
look	shorty
indy	behind you
go on	go
oh my god	is he nuts
is he nuts	he no nuts
he no nuts	he s crazy
sarah	reese
god damn	thank you
never	never
sarah	kyle
sarah	reese
god damn	thank you
never	never
sarah	kyle
conan look	conan
sleep	shh shh
shh shh	sleep
very ugly	no not him
no not him	conan
i need you	i m yours
ooh	be careful
bombaata	i need you
i need you	bombaata
ow	good
you me	come here
bye baby	good luck
good luck	thanks
do it	do it
take care	bye
shit	rumble
horn	holy shit
stop it	screams
joe	that s it
well bye	goodbye
no sir	good
shut up	hey hey
come on	come on
oh come on	come on
jin	ritsu
ritsu	sai
five	four
let her go	get in
distance	155 meters
excrement	charlie
excuse	for here
dying	how long
bunker	where
shut up	move back
crawford	oh man
let me try	you try
ok good	now go
hubby	hold on
teacher	what
it hurts	are you ok
that way	go quickly
massage	i m coming
damn	darling
darling	taxi
dad	he s crazy
forgive me	i will
mom	baldy jr
back off	mom
mom	baldy jr
honey	darling
albert	darling
dad	my ears
baldy	bye
come on	what now
quiet	no use
get out	be quiet
back off	sit tight
anyone in	ssh quiet
hubby	darling
darling	no
happy	happy
get up	ok
ok	let s go
come back	don t go
don t go	come back
come back	wait
sonny	be brave
mom	albert
albert	darling
broken	albert
victory	freeze
freeze	hands up
honey	albert
kid	honey
stop it	honey
dad	don t go
dad albert	baldy
baldy	albert
hurry	coming
go on	quick
run	come in
is he dead	honey dad
dad s fine	darling
darling	hubby
there	dad
time s up	coming
mark	coming
thanks	that s it
search	sir
sir	freeze
don t	please
my brother	hi
i go first	go
go	sorry
sorry	let s go
let s go	quick
quick	bye
ho	dad
ok	go
take care	yes
no	no
no	run
ho	go away
you go	no
hello	yes
take care	thanks
bottom up	mark
cheers	cheers
ho	ho
you d look	a vase
sit	thanks
be careful	thank you
trust you	kit
hurry up	ok
what for	who s he
who s he	kin ho
come over	mark
you didn t	no
sir	sir
sir	come in
later	hello i m
for order	yes sir
no	go away
come over	go
shing	shing
of course	why
horn honks	honk honk
honk honk	honk honk
three	i knew it
no	sure
sure	no
a girl	where from
hey	don t
don t	don t what
excuse me	miao yin
excuse me	oh
wing kong	holy shit
ah	ahh
ahh	ja
ja	yo ho
aaahhh	hiya
hiya	hiyit
hiyit	hiyit
hiyit	dit
dit	hhhhh
hhhhh	who s that
who s that	thunder
thunder	oohhh
daa	daa
daa	dooo
dooo	ooo
ooo	ooo
ooo	ooo
ooo	doooh
doooh	oooowha
hi hi	yip
yip	grrrr
horn honks	honk
honk	honk
honk	honk
honk	honk
jack	horn honks
horn honks	horn honks
aaahhhh	oh
oh	aaahhhh
over here	bend over
my truck	forget it
i il try	trick them
trick them	ok
where from	hong kong
rumbling	holy shit
wow	aah aah
where am i	my office
try hard	here drink
lo pan	yes
yeah	hey
uh uh	uh
who him	not me
safe	where
ahh	ahh
come on	how
ohhhh	aaah
aaah	aah
wang	aah
up or down	up
jack	gasps
gasps	oh jack
let s go	go go
rr rrr rr	aargh
aargh	aah
aah	aargh
aargh	aah
rr rr rrr	let me go
yes	miao yin
miao yin	or grace
or grace	lo
well	all set
ut	aiah
aiah	aiugh
hai	hai hai
yeah	gurgling
gurgling	aargh
aargh	aah
come on	damn it
miao yin	door opens
hey wang	egg
egg shen	egg shen
rrr rrr	jack here
jack here	what
hollow	hollow
hollow	good
huge buzz	oh
oh	good
ching dai	ching dai
ching dai	ching dai
aah	aah aah
aah aah	aah
aah	ha ha
aah	aah aah
no way	niyh
hai	hai
aiyh	aah
take her	aagh
aah	uogh
wang	come on
aah	rr roror
rr roror	jack
a knife	a knife
wang	aah
yes	thanks
thanks	wait
aah	come on
come on	aah
aah	kaboom
ba kaaaah	aah
aargh	arrough
arrough	arrough
nigel	foggy
out	out
it s okay	free beer
nina	nina
nina	nina
nina	nina nina
here we go	here we go
here we go	roger
aaaah	nina
leonard	leonard
stop it	slowly
jesus	puggy
puggy	anna nina
puggy	puggy
puggy	nina
puggy	puggy
hey	hi
excuse me	nice
yes	no
let s go	kingpin
not bad	keys
okay	let s go
eddie	yeah
hey snake	huh
bag check	bag check
squeaking	bag check
bag check	bag check
bag check	bag check
bag check	bag check
do it	bag check
bag check	bag check
bag check	bag check
bag check	sighs okay
sighs okay	let s go
puggy	nina
no	oh shit
eddie	eddie
fizzes	cap clunks
hey	hmm
oh	clank
clank	ohh
out	out
it s okay	free beer
sighs ahhh	mmmm
growls	gasps
gasps	ohh
ohh	nina
nina	nina
nina	nina
nina	nina nina
sighs	clicks
grunting	rustling
panting	sniffing
here we go	here we go
here we go	roger
hey jenny	aaahhh ohh
aaahhh ohh	gunshot
gunshot	aaahhh
aaaah	nina
nina	aahhh wuh
uh	ah ugh
up	grunts
grunts	uhh thud
stop it	slowly
jesus	puggy
puggy	anna nina
puggy	puggy
puggy	nina
puggy	puggy
mmm	mmm
mmm	oh
oh	mmm grunts
mmm grunts	growls
growls	mmm
mmm	uh mm oh
hey	hi
scoffs	whoa
sniffs	excuse me
nice	laughter
blows	laughter
aah	gunshot
whimpers	grunts
yes	no
no	ugh
thud	it s heavy
let s go	kingpin
kingpin	muttering
muttering	gator fans
laughs	ooh
ed zachary	laughs
dialing	new tv
door opens	jenny
whimpers	a shot
gunshot oy	ugh
grunts ugh	money
money	whimpering
whimpering	excuse me
not bad	keys
okay	let s go
eddie	yeah
hey wait	hey
hey	wh
aaaah	thud
thud	croaks
croaks	groans
groans	croaks
thumping	bleating
hey snake	huh
come on	buzzer
bag check	bag check
squeaking	bag check
bag check	bag check
bag check	bag check
bag check	bag check
do it	bag check
bag check	bag check
bag check	beeping
beeping	bag check
bag check	bag check
bag check	sighs okay
sighs okay	let s go
laughs	sighs
puggy	nina
got it	aah
aah	ohh
gun clicks	clanking
clanking	gentlemen
no	oh shit
grunts	ohh
dad	panting
panting	grunting
panting	grunts
eddie	eddie
gunshots	aaah
grunting	grunting
beeping	grunts
top gun	yes sir
would help	okay
ready	steady
steady	go
nothing	nothing
hold on	holy shit
please	yeah sure
yeah	i do
ready	move it
beirut	roger
keep quiet	silence
thank you	go go go
go go go	come on
what is it	come quick
come quick	what
come here	come here
why do it	ok
come here	hold this
sit down	next one
land	damn
iisten	what is it
please	iet him go
hello	yes
stone	the phone
see	now we use
oh baby	yeah baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
oh baby	yeah baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
oh baby	yeah baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
oh baby	yeah baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
oh baby	yeah baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
oh	god
fuck you	aah
dillon	dillon
please	please
hopper	what
sergeant	aaah
he was um	my friend
full pack	nothing
mac	aah
mac	fuck
hey dutch	dutch
oh baby	oh baby
aaaaah	aaaaah
let s go	ahh
aaaaaah	aah
no	run
run	go
yaaah	oh shit
arrrr	arrrr
oh baby	yeah baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
oh baby	yeah baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
oh baby	yeah baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
oh baby	yeah baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
oh baby	yeah baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
yeah baby	whoo baby
oh	god
fuck you	aah
dillon	dillon
please	please
sergeant	aaah
father	annie
stay down	one minute
gun	go
excuse me	i love it
who seek	the truth
yeah	thanks
now you	now you
it s a sin	look at me
sir	excuse me
mrs tanaka	mrs tanaka
mrs tanaka	yes
got it	you got it
the kumite	yes
haji	asshole
asshole	hajime
junbi	haji
haji	hajime
i am ready	dux my man
junbi	haji
right on	come on
jeff	jeff
inspector	shit
johnny	johnny
donnelly	what
we re your	bodyguards
ha ha ooh	sorry
excuse me	hi
think	think
enough	and father
and father	of five
the roof	go go
already	karl
theo	theo
theo	yo
call me	roy
tv s here	oh shit
kick ass	go
hit it	again
am i right	hans
hans	bubbie
yeah	two
ellis	yeah
d a w n	sir yeah
you smoke	yeah
new york	yeah
you re uh	clay
go to work	got it
the feds	you got it
ah jeez	powell
but um	that
john	john
move it	go move
shit	all right
all right	hey hey
jesus	hi honey
terran	klingon
qualse tu	spock
b a	c k
am i	we il see
vorta vor	eden
stop what	stop stop
guten tag	herr jones
hmm	well i
i know dad	well
but indy	no camels
marcus	oh
dad dad	dad
dad	junior
junior	junior
junior	junior
dad	yeah
sallah	get dad
dad	dad
dad	junior
l	e
e	h
h	o
o	oh
oh	v
v	a
he chose	poorly
junior	junior
indiana	indiana
please	the dog
ready	ready
marty	my
y i oh ll	y i oh ll
god	let it go
burn it	check
doc doc	doc doc
doc	doc
doc	doc
aim	fire
no forbes	forbes
charge	fire
no wait	no hold on
attention	attention
attention	battalion
faster	reload
ready	aim
aim	fire
eyes	right
two	what
aagh aagh	aagh aagh
adelante	senor bond
thank you	good night
i knew it	gracias
214	speed
speed	80 knots
80 knots	80 knots
bye bye	virgil
hold it	whoa
hey jammer	hey
hey	hey you ok
ok	all right
lindsey	i got it
no	bud
hey	hey
hey lins	lins yeah
yeah	i m not
do it now	let her go
bud	get up
cat	cat
seawater	oh man
lieutenant	no well
hey	freeze
freeze	don t move
i m sorry	ok cat
shit	come on
oh my god	bud no
charging	now clear
i m sorry	no pulse
clear	clear
fight	fight
fight	fight
set clamp	set
great	let s go
here	it says
oh od	taxi taxi
yeah	yeah
guy	yes sir
yes sir	thank you
phone book	yes sir
joker crap	crap crap
crap crap	crap crap
no	listen
crash	gunshots
yeah bye	copy
uh huh	sometimes
no	no
key please	thank you
be honest	sleazy
excuse me	someone
zooming in	we got him
two weeks	excuse me
excuse me	two weeks
anything	in fact
mr quaid	what
shit	no brakes
no brakes	you idiot
later	adios
oh damn it	excuse me
agh	screaming
uh	555 3212
wntw news	excuse me
good luck	god bless
and bingo	just once
take him	shit
shit	agh ugh
goddamn	bait
pull it up	jesus
oh	gentlemen
beep	beeping
beeping	eagle nest
not yet	cocks gun
aaagh	oh shit
ok	ok ok
excuse me	yes
whistles	over here
general	it s time
hi	coleman
oh god	oh god
lower	aagh
agh	laughs
laughs	aaah
oh god	prays
prays	look
jump	sirens
that s it	holly
holly	holly
laughs	siren
oh	gentlemen
aaagh	oh shit
ok	ok ok
excuse me	yes
general	it s time
hi	coleman
oh god	oh god
lower	aagh
holly	holly
i m robert	hi
left right	the body
get me out	goddamn it
two days	two days
313	555 7000
you lying	gutless
gutless	son of a
am i	mattie
hi scotty	hiya babe
shit	hang on
hang on	look out
you cold	not really
hello	hurry up
fuck you	just do me
open up	open up
you too	it s okay
your ring	your watch
now	do it
let s go	go
john	good work
station c	yes
my god	holy shit
and a card	get down
that s all	no this
no this	this
okay	night
debbie	deb
know her	should l
take me	my old man
go ahead	sir
confused	new york
wars	wars john
earth	welcome
like it	yeah
shit	deguerin
robert	sir
now	you got it
yeah	crystal
shut up	he s clean
who s that	bad news
get moving	let s go
fire alert	fire alert
boo	johnny c
thanks	shut up
ready	let s go
what	the van
oh my god	let me out
let me out	break it
defect	excuse me
500	600
600	700
fire bell	let s go
horn blast	sirens
sean	sean
rock	hey
horn blast	sirens
sirens	oh shit
i m brian	i m sorry
car alarm	holy shit
shit	charge it
oh shit	man down
axe	take
shit	help
my god	i got one
i got one	i got one
good job	irish jig
brian	hi
clear	stay here
put it out	stretcher
come on	easy man
do you	i gotta go
stephen	shit
rumbling	it s going
horn blast	siren
thanks	all right
i got it	hello
hon	what
okay	bye
all right	okay
louise	come on
which part	all of it
61	shit
hey baby	hi
yeah	never mind
never mind	look just
darryl	thelma
wait	what
all right	all right
well	wait
all right	then i d
isn t he	i sure am
you hear	come on
okay	oh shit
good god	my lord
hi	hi
what	what
what	what
what	harlan
shit	shit
right	here it is
louise	what
got it	okay
thanks	okay
good	wide awake
hi	hi there
i think so	follow us
damn it	i repeat
yeah	hit it
enrique	you here
five low	too slow
never mind	now okay
oh shit	dyson
i almost	i almost
could i	excuse me
alright	7 2 5 6
get up	come on
costumes	sound
sound	montage
camera	photos
photos	producer
producer	director
7 kg	not much
small	small
nothing	small
tv	always
always	jurek
thanks edi	for what
peace pea	what peace
okay mommy	daddy
daddy	bye
e e edi	yeah
me	no me
no	no
oh really	edi
edi	edi
edi	edi
edi	what
jurek	yeah
you	good day
edi	yes
so do it	what
what	what what
what what	hit me
edi	yes
yes	no nothing
no nothing	never mind
e edi	what are
jerk	radlo ooh
oh	oh
wait up	wait
all over	again
smell that	marv yeah
wow	thanks
aah	aah
whoa whoa	oh oh
marv ohh	yes
hello	uncle rob
aah	aah
aah	aah
and heard	i guess so
harry	uhhh
uhhh	harry
sonny	yes
marv ohh	direct hit
harry	no
harry	harry
harry	harry
clack	yeow
ahh	muttering
ohh	uh
crack aah	wow
oh	aah aah
aah aah	uh oh
ohh	ohh
ohh	screaming
no	watch this
marv oops	aah aah
harry no	clang
sniffing	harry
oh my god	gunshot
marv t uh	l l
hop in	thank you
thank you	let s go
full load	stinks
ouch	that hurt
oh	goldberg
great game	hans
that s it	aaah
aaah	whoa
my atoms	you sit
you sit	sit now
over here	i m open
hello	go for it
go for it	hi
y i oxygen	y i come
turnoffs	persians
thank you	thank you
alabama	yes sir
hello	hello baby
hello baby	clarence
clarence	you got it
thanks	so you got
yeah hello	hi lee
cigarette	no
come on	come on
wait wait	what
fuck you	shit
oh fuck	fuck
oh no	what
well	you go
okay lee	lee lee
211	yeah 211
sweetie	sweetie
yeah hello	hi lee
cigarette	no
come on	come on
wait wait	what
fuck you	shit
oh no	what
well	you go
okay lee	lee lee
21 1	yeah 21 1
sweetie	sweetie
big time	ah
ah	aah
no no	no no aah
uh wh whoa	aah
hai ya	why you
why you	ha
ha	spikes
yaaah	yes
let s go	ya hoo
ya hoo	hee ya
hee ya	hee ya
ah oh	let me out
well	well
i live	again
yaaah	damn you
come on	that s it
ha hoo	hai ya
arrows	torch boy
oh oh	yeah baby
yeah	fire
lower	heave
look out	whoo
gotcha	damn you
oops	hello
okay	oh
name s ash	housewares
watch it	get him no
good idea	but then
henri	henri
henri	henri hmm
push push	push
keep going	forward
come on	now stop
let s go	come on
hi	i m bob
we do	so
row 48	plot 12
good good	wait
understand	ready set
ready set	and go
you iook	beautiful
yeah	i m scared
i m scared	you
i know	not one
passionate	so savage
all right	bye
hurry back	i will
go home	that s it
uncle bob	you iook
i m	37
j p	you guys
yes	nina
all right	on the bed
it s heavy	it s heavy
she s gone	where
what	it can t
who s that	so hai
go on	say boy
help	get it out
sute	no
play	you win
putz	come on
it s alive	it s alive
aguado	good call
assholomio	osadomia
do you	don t i
oh my god	oh my god
my brother	larry
351	351
you okay	guess what
he s lying	shoot him
big old	mr knish
hey sarge	yeah
cawing	cawing
laughing	laughing
no no	no no no
no	no
yeah right	damn
whimpering	ow
crying	sobbing
groaning	shh
you okay	i saw her
yeah	look l
whimpering	boys
whimpering	screams
chuckles	aw fuck
oh fuck	he s dead
now	oh my god
or death	that s it
she s 1 8	really
yes hi	it s susan
nineteen	beatyou
sign here	come here
yes	so say it
mine was	you know
my parents	died
i m fine	really
okay okay	come on
oh my god	what
sir	sir yeah
okay	okay
hijack	ma am
hey	hello
careful	expensive
oh shit	go go go
old news	what
what	it s 8 00
william	uhh
hiya	english
english	get down
uhh	laughing
are they	are they
you win	ah
ha ha	hamish
hamish	mm hmm
crowd ooh	you could
you could	aye
i will not	right
right	he il move
well done	laughter
no	no
no	no
tonight	i can t
i can t	why not
when	tonight
tonight	tonight
tonight	tonight
aah	no
no	shh shh
ah	you bitch
you bitch	aah
aah	aah
aah	biting
biting	aah you
aah you	bitch
get him	come on
whinnying	aah
aah	argh
argh	ahh
ah aah	hold still
hold still	aah
aah	argh
unh	unh
macaulish	macaulish
stand up	stand up
shouting	aah
under whom	a commoner
it is time	to survive
wait wait	look
carry on	carry on
that long	aye
ha ha ha	ha ha ha
no no	no no
cheering	albagu bra
albagu bra	cheering
hyah	neigh
right	come on
aah	shouting
aah	shouting
ready	loose
gentlemen	gentlemen
aye	nobles
uh	oh
situation	aah
ahem	cough
order it	aye
aye	hup
hup	hyah
all right	right
infantry	infantry
infantry	cavalry
cavalry	cavalry
cavalry	cavalry
cavalry	cavalry
cavalry	advance
advance	advance
get up	get up
get up	up
up	get up
what	nothing
do you	aye i do
stop it	leave me
rack him	cheering
peace	gasping
wallace	wallace
wallace	wallace
wallace	wallace
gentlemen	gentlemen
aye	nobles
order it	aye
aye	hup
hup	hyah
all right	right
infantry	infantry
infantry	cavalry
cavalry	cavalry
cavalry	cavalry
cavalry	cavalry
cavalry	advance
advance	advance
get up	get up
up	get up
what	nothing
do you	aye i do
stop it	leave me
wallace	wallace
wallace	wallace
wallace	wallace
get set	i am
i got it	got it
from here	bang bang
coffee sir	please
lonely	you
hello	it s me
we walk	i m there
yeah sure	let s go
that is it	shit
who	who
good	you got it
what	us
you sure	i am sure
nothing	no talk
or	who knows
no	folsom
yeah sure	you cool
get down	stay down
stay down	get down
the key	what key
who did it	who did it
waingro	waingro
waingro	on his own
10725	10725
10725	chris
what for	sit down
he s gone	what
let him go	roger
what is it	nothing
nothing	home free
1735	thank you
but	in the end
look at me	look at me
casals	jj
jj	drucker jj
exactly	like you
hang on	hang on
let s see	yes
nygma	edward
yes	but
why	oh why
a clock	clock
now	richard
harvey	i m batman
a creamy	dreamy
you	but batman
who is	batman
clock	matches
rage	violence
violence	passion
yes i do	good
no	i can t
clever	thanks
dreams	tell me
darkest	fears
your eyes	your lips
in	a e l o u
a e l o u	vowels
13 1 8	and 5
18 is r	m r e
enigma	mr e nygma
hit	sweet
sweet	b 12
noble	stupid
stupid	but noble
and me	and me
then a god	am
edward	who
who	is it
i m	batman
exactly	like you
hang on	hang on
let s see	yes
nygma	edward
yes	but
why	oh why
a clock	clock
harvey	i m batman
a creamy	dreamy
you	but batman
who is	batman
clock	matches
rage	violence
yes i do	good
no	i can t
clever	thanks
your eyes	your lips
your lips	your body
in	a e l o u
a e l o u	vowels
13 1 8	and 5
18 is r	m r e
how about	mr e
enigma	mr e nygma
hit	sweet
sweet	b 12
noble	stupid
stupid	but noble
and me	and me
then a god	am
am	i
edward	who
who	is it
i m	batman
my name	is yo
what is it	clay
mery	my god emu
remember	hinomura
please	spare me
spare me	look at me
my name	my job
kill	kill
flowers	for kari
i m koh	your guide
kimie	my wife
lets go	you go
emu o hara	is dead
you	are my
are my	ennemy
on my	honor
police	get off me
900 feet	700 feet
700 feet	400 feet
dredd	dredd
dredd no	play back
play back	dredd no
dredd no	dredd no
dredd no	play back
yes	shh
awake	good
strike one	strike two
dad mom	foreground
i m alive	i m alive
one two	no
come back	come here
move on	father
wherever	whatever
indeed	he did
clear	panting
oh oh god	oh god
fall in	fall in
screaming	cease fire
gasps	not yet
grunts	groaning
speak up	panting
hi sweetie	screaming
grunts	groans
darrow	open up
fucker	grunting
hello hi	it s me hi
the signal	my god
checkmate	oh my god
i love you	bye bye
miguel	stop it
i promise	ok
ok	look
slow down	a ramp
you il see	over here
over here	see us
wow	this
a virus	your idea
do it	do it
oh shit	hide
the best	i promise
this	is intense
you did	hot damn
why	thank you
oh my god	yikes
doctor	thank you
slim	and muffy
and muffy	and richie
jason	thanks
gnn	pahrump
giant	hubcap
well	wait
ready aim	fire
aim	fire
hold on	mom
yes	how re you
you did	really
oh gosh	ages
oh donald	i m scared
what is it	it s no2
nitrogen	so
you can t	because
earth	and mars
and mars	together
no	i said go
good bye	i love you
drink	yeah
no no no	time out
yeah	hi it s me
forget it	here
timothy	yeah
the knife	or the gun
oh caity	i love you
mommy	run caity
please	mitch
gracias	de nada
help	caity
somebody	help me
sam	mitch
get in	sam sam
sam sam	hey
i m here	sam
now swear	i swear
father	run
yes	ow
hmm	hello
i did	up there
it s draco	about time
sweep	stop
like us	how
how	remember
dubov no	get out
no no	no
tiny	surgery
off	yes
eyes	nose skin
i m not me	i m me
i m me	not me me
it s me	cas shh
go go go	go go
can t i	adam adam
buzz	hey
sean	that man
come on	okay
now yes	okay
understand	yes
take that	mr rhod
i am	a little
i know	liftoff
good	good good
importance	i
i	want
want	the stones
the stones	the stones
thrilled	and now
and now	champagne
in me	what
i won a	contest
3 4 5	6
6	7 8
1 0	9 8
9 8	7
7	6
6	5
valiant	vulnerable
wind blows	fire burns
fire	one minute
why	because
because	because
tell me	please
because	tell me
1 0	9
9	8
8	7
7	6 5
6 5	4 3
4 3	2
2	1
they re	not ready
not ready	they need
aziz light	aziz
aziz	light
light	good
a fifth	element
to fame	salute
but wait	here
only life	important
perfect	go ahead
look out	left
bada boom	big
please	help
please	help
what	priest
fifth	element
hey lady	wake up
remember	bada boom
here	take it
you	korben
five nine	blue eyes
chicken	good
empty	empty
emmanuel	zorg
who is it	who is it
now yes	okay
understand	yes
take that	mr rhod
i am	a little
i know	liftoff
good	good good
importance	i
i	want
want	the stones
the stones	the stones
thrilled	and now
and now	champagne
in me	what
3 4 5	6
6	7 8
7 8	9
10	9 8
9 8	7
7	6
6	5
valiant	vulnerable
wind blows	fire burns
fire	one minute
because	because
tell me	please
because	tell me
10	9
9	8
8	7
7	6 5
6 5	4 3
4 3	2
2	1
they re	not ready
not ready	they need
9 14	9 14 right
i can t	i can t
methane	no
wow	so
hello	mike
it s lava	lava hm
that s why	i m sorry
daddy	kelly baby
kelly baby	kelly
amy amy	rachel
dad	kelly
all right	here we go
just go	go
go	go dad
look out	look out
oh	oh my god
aaahhh	ah
1 2 3	aagh
are you ok	yeah
hi hi	you ok
my dad	i hope
open hoses	open hoses
ow damn	oh god
yeah	one two
one two	three
someone	some
roark	roark
roark	roark
roark	roark
roark	hey
too heavy	available
he said	jackal
no	but
40 grand	alright
750	762 meter
750	762 meter
way to go	good job
i will	talk about
ei ght	nine
three	two
you re set	fire
bug hole	there
bugs	bugs
in an hour	30 minutes
yes	fire
fire	probably
mr carver	hmm ah
sure	wade yeah
stand up	stand up
oh	nothing
touche	mr gupta
two	one
in an hour	30 minutes
yes	fire
fire	probably
mr carver	hmm ah
sure	wade yeah
stand up	stand up
oh	nothing
touche	mr gupta
two	one
shit	no diamond
i see you	and
swallows	mother
no good	excuse me
hold it	hold it
steady	stop stop
jack	jack rose
jack rose	jack
crying	keep calm
keep calm	no
shouting	get back
come on	gunshot
gunshot	gunshot
crackling	screams
screaming	jack jack
jack jack	jack
no	jack rose
get on top	gasping
jack	jack
come back	come back
i see you	i feel you
near	far
go on	near
near	far
31	31
bourbon	nice
and they	we
of course	good
what is it	heavy date
not now	hold it
arrest him	not him
reaily	please sit
one two	three four
three four	five six
nine	heilo
good	i guess
i guess	thank you
1 a	my wrists
good job	thank you
good night	good night
aii right	hurry
you did it	i did yes
go to hell	you first
shit	get them
let s go	move aside
you ok	empty
climb	quick
how d you	let s go
great	thank you
thank you	lce cream
sorry	quickly
i m sorry	it s ok
help me	who is it
who is it	richard
a gun	kinky
miki	what
me	you
you	sit relax
sit relax	open wide
over here	here we go
me	up here
what tape	the video
the video	video
oh my god	free
look out	move it
stupid	sorry
sorry	please
my vase	sorry
this way	wait
wait	be careful
sorry	go
go	i il go ok
come on	listen
cops	damn
that way	grab one
ldiot	boss what
up you go	roll over
roll over	come on
maeda	yes
shut up	ouch
get up	hey
let s go	bye
bye	idiot
drive on	yes
hello	hello boss
i know yes	yes
it is	so big
ouch	hey
body	yeah
who	well
the dick	the dick
it s me	what s up
go on	yes
what	yokoi
hey	hagane
let him go	taka
attracted	tosa
hello	hey hagane
president	have fun
taka	i beg you
taka	it hurts
kei	good bye
hey	hagane
hagane	hey
full metal	yakuza
hmm	it s quiet
shit	damn it
oh	oh
oh	oh
oh	ooh oof
ooh oof	shit
coughing	goddamn it
gagging	gagging
shouting	fuck
beeps	beeping
hey moe	hey ray
mm hmm	okay
oh	coughing
dispatch	uh huh
great	vincent
hi	hi
families	no
joey no	in here
shit	holy shit
hey	drumbeats
footsteps	hey
sniffs	no no
no no	no no
no	i a no
hey ray	hey freddy
come on	oh shit
hmm	its quiet
coughing	goddamn it
gagging	gagging
shouting	fuck
mm hmm	okay
okay	mm hmm
mm hmm	okay
no	no
great	vincent
hi	hi
hey murray	hey murray
shit	holy shit
hey	drumbeats
drumbeats	hey
hey	drumbeats
sniffs	no no
no no	no no
freddy	freddy
hurry	run
523	yes
who is he	hello
who am i	yes
they do	so do i
so do i	who am i
who am i	excuse me
no no	miss yes
thank you	very soon
come on	move it
move it	quick
let s go	oh my god
okay	yes sir
i insist	thank you
what	go go go
let me	go go go
rotterdam	yeah
i il drive	good idea
ok go	peter wait
mr morgan	who am i
come on	calm down
coffee	yes coffee
it s him	him who
don t move	who am i
how long	30 seconds
time s up	shut up
you bitch	and then
lola	dad
i can t	why not
thanks	wait
hello	dr ken
dr ken	what is it
let s go	that s it
no	prizes
prizes	nope
janis	yes
what is it	vod
what is it	nothing
nothing	let s eat
like that	close
cops	cops
cops	cops gator
cld	what
done	all set
what	a ghost
tai pang	say it
and mine	july 21st
hurry up	adele
adele	wait
wait	adele
adele	calm down
yeah	what is it
what is it	armageddon
i did	sir
mom just	shoot
destroy	run
showoff	robot
alert	medical
we re lost	aren t we
here	thanks
surprise	safety on
evacuate	now
of course	my god
unable to	calm down
cool	wait
excellent	son
halt	stop
until now	come
come	let s go
i see it	full burn
stop	right left
emilien	how
come in	petra
kgb	ex kgb
no leo	what
lapd	lapd
shit	jump jump
goodbye	leave
here boy	thanks
hey guys	hey trish
like a son	in law
stop	police
hurry up	come on
come on	hold on
bread	bread
bread	toast
toast	yeah toast
yeah toast	bread
cool	excuse me
you do	it s okay
it s okay	it is
that s it	you got it
hi gang	lapd
hold it	what is it
beeping	siren
swell	peachy
puffs	hisses
hello	elise
mmm yum	okay
frank	yeah
oh	oh god
yeah so	use them
fbl	fbl freeze
frank	i m sorry
ring	beep
beep	go
go	yeah frank
abort	2 up 3 up
mike	he s dead
he s dead	elise
gone	hub
dad	yeah
i just	okay
okay	laughing
frank ahh	hi
loud bang	oh god
arguing	feedback
beeping	beeping
beeping	time
ring	beeping
sighs	well
says samir	says me
do we	have him
ring	ring
ring	ring
ring	hello
liar	uhh
me too	sniffles
yo	hey guy
i repeat	freeze
i m fbl	yelling
frank	it
all right	come on
come on	no no
aah	gunshot
helicopter	we ready
we ready	all set
cheering	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
ohh	microwave
get up	no
don t	samir
i m coming	shoot
i m sorry	it s okay
it s okay	groans
i m cold	okay
okay	groans
crying	shh shh
ohh	just relax
from evil	crying
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
no fear	no fear
the sheik	is that so
hold it	don t move
captain	don t
hub	hub
yo joaqun	mira
do it	shoot
shoot	shoot
jesus	thank you
mama	mama
i m hit	briggs
wade	yo doc
yo doc	wade
go go go	come on
jackson	sir
daniel	ryan
yes sir	john
thunder	flash
do it	thunder
wow	wow
huh what	what
oh god	no what
okay oh oh	careful
stop what	stop what
wait quinn	what what
shit shit	shit
up	gold
damn	damn
no no	n no i
i i oh	i can t
no no	oh
i m sorry	that s it
oh god	quinn
hi	hi
something	yeah
yeah	so
so	now what
right	all right
what	how come
hey sorry	hey
aah	ha ha ha
whoo	all right
all right	ha ha ha
yeah	whoo
whoa	man
ahh	cheering
aah aah	no no
no no	growling
growling	aah no
sighs	sometimes
i m trying	it s over
aah aah	yaah
yaah	siren
aah	aah
aah	aah
no	too bad
uhh	hold her
just do it	old man
old man	ahh
exhales	not at all
um he died	no look
sniffs	laughs
like what	like me
hey yeah	deac deac
hi	deac
grunting	yeah
whoo	grunting
no	screaming
nice one	heh
no no guns	no no no
horn blows	aah
heh	heh
heh	i need you
i need you	yeah
groaning	aah
aah	screaming
snickers	some cure
is he sick	cancer
easy	soft sobs
plague	war
war	famine
on me	yes
laughter	laughs
laughs	damn
chuckle	laughter
groan	shit
you know	blade not
go ahead	bite me
aah	aieee aah
blade	blade
ahh	karen
karen	karen
karen	karen
karen	karen
karen	karen
karen	karen
karen	karen
can t be	yes it can
need	serum
serum	gasping
sucking	panting
karen ohh	don t stop
aah	aah
aah	aah
aah	babbles
babbles	eric
fuck	aah
uhh	unh
unh	unh
frost	kill him
aah	aah
kicks	aah
aah	aah aah
aah	aah aah
go go go	daddy
look at me	hi mom
you are	a stranger
and uh no	no no
am i clear	y es sir
excuse me	y eah
come on	come on
come on	screaming
seven	six
six	five
four	three two
you are	a stranger
try c l a	nope
today	12 00
hey simon	reggae
be careful	yeah
gasps	oh my god
hello	hello
hello	hello
hello	dial tone
master	master
cloud	come here
ying	husband
father	father
then what	nonsense
forget him	why
or a birth	muse
cloud	cloud
father	look out
you are	i am muse
cloud	cloud
go out	yes
charity	charity
charity	father
move move	moving out
i m sick	i m sick
hit dirt	hit dirt
go go	go go
keck	jesus
jesus	oh jesus
mr data	sir
sir	shut up
shut up	yes sir
yes	no no
no no	no
you are me	no
captain	no
what	this
data	no
we are	patience
about	new worlds
imzadi	no
no deanna	deanna
deanna	deanna
deanna	no
tea	hot
you may go	where
mr data	sir
sir	shut up
shut up	yes sir
yes	no no
no no	no
you are me	no
captain	no
what	this
data	no
we are	patience
about	new worlds
imzadi	no
no deanna	deanna
deanna	deanna
deanna	no
tea	hot
you may go	where
a shadow	an echo
good work	sir
he s dying	dying
of you sir	yes
aye sir	fire
oh yes	i know you
praetor	full stop
full stop	fire
number one	let s go
councilor	what is it
heishiro	wait
i m hungry	me too
please	be seated
well done	super
yes i do	good
me too	cool
cool	cool cool
excuse me	what
excuse us	falcon
ready	yes
watch	sir
you good	ready
here	yes here
no not his	ours
vitals	holding
bird	fat butt
fat butt	bird
jim brenda	us
four a m	i know
you ready	no
how	bait
lonya da	russian
screaming	alexi
screaming	shouting
shouting	screaming
grunts	woods
hiko yeah	sniffs
dead dead	good
richie	richie
i got ya	come on
come on	steve
screaming	grunting
coughing	grunting
richie	oh man
italian	italian
italian	tomaso
crying	crying
grunting	gagging
gargling	groaning
gasping	grunting
screaming	daddy
panting	grunting
beeping	beeping
door slams	cocks gun
snarls	roaring
roaring	growling
growling	grunting
christine	christine
christine	jericho
we won	we won
run	run gasps
run gasps	grunts
yah no	screaming
roaring	shrieking
watch out	gotcha
confused	misused
coughing	cocksucker
100 200	300
coughing	ohh
not now	yeah
mm mmm	no
mmm	val
hi sweetie	chuckling
chuckling	130 grand
huh	huh
140 grand	140 apiece
140 apiece	total
shit	clicking
gasps	what
gasps	you got it
sniffs	ls uh
ooh	aah
jesus	whoa artie
ring	talk to me
all right	it s ok
that s all	oh christ
oh christ	porter
jesus	god
god	you bitch
laughing	coughing
ok	ok
oh no i	i can t
i can t	i got uh
whoa	chuckles
ohh	ahh
ahh	whimpers
gone huh	i know you
yeah	yeah
yeah	gasps
educate me	ok
aah ohh	ho
oh	jesus
jesus	groaning
ohh ahh	hey thanks
all right	all right
thank mmm	thanks
thanks	i
uh	no
no	no
rosie	rosie
no	the outfit
ring	what
what	ring
ring	ring
ring	what
what	ring
thank you	hey fellas
douche bag	chuckles
chuckles	hmmph
bravo	sit down
yes	grunting
carter	oh
no life	no hope
we can t	why
hey look	hey look
walter	wake up
let him go	grunts
grunts	now
mmm	ohh
here it is	130 000
aah shit	grunting
gasps	8 to go
ok	hmm
hmm	ok
ok	24
grunting	aah
ring	ring
get out	groaning
honk honk	honk
ahh	come on
are you ok	yeah
coos	slide
yeah	yeah
thank you	no no i
door opens	hey marla
hey marla	horn honks
horn honks	marla
s f o	l a x
laughs	ok
soap	sorry
ring	hello
oh	what
what	what
what	a hotel
a hotel	yeah
yeah	thanks
what car	belches
hey guys	hey
hey	it s cool
it s cool	ohh
same here	now i m 25
hemingway	you
you	shatner
excuse me	screaming
lincoln	lincoln
lincoln	mm
gargling	chuckles
marla 5	4
siren	oh fuck
never	no
rattling	marla ohh
uhh oh	clattering
clattering	no
ring	hello
ok	ok
what	chuckles
so special	then bam
chuckling	you kids
cornelius	cornelius
it s me	bob
bob	hey bob
who am i	yeah
oomp	uhh
ooh	pfft
lou	aaahhh
stop it	stop it
uhh	unhh uhh
unhh uhh	bastard
ohh	ahh ahh
with tyler	no
nah	pff
is over	is over
too young	sorry
yes sir	all right
laughing	ok
tv playing	hey
holy shit	yeah
shouting	yeah
yeah	shouting
tyler	honking
ok	ok
goddamn	huh
bury him	what
hey hey	taxi
rings	yeah
no i don t	yes you do
you got it	no
say it	because
because	say it
hello	hello
hello	yeah yeah
right away	speaking
no shut up	shut up
hey wait	i got him
whoa	whoa
aw come on	don t go
3 minutes	this is it
mumbling	i m sorry
mr durden	oh my god
oh my god	sir
you	hi marla
lieutenant	oh shit
yes	goddamn it
who is it	it s choi
two grand	hold on
jesus	what
shit	shit shit
yes	now
from what	from you
no	why not
be what	be real
it s cold	it s cold
stop	let me out
good	adaptation
come on	all right
look again	freeze it
emp armed	and ready
is that	the matrix
see who	the oracle
that vase	i m sorry
oh my god	let s go
trinity go	go
yes	or no
or no	yes
what	the oracle
tank	ioad us up
i	hate
hate	this place
this place	this zoo
i can	taste
taste	your stink
only human	dodge this
lieutenant	oh shit
yes	goddamn it
who is it	it s choi
two grand	hold on
jesus	what
shit	shit shit
yes	now
from what	from you
come on	come on
no	why not
be what	be real
it s cold	it s cold
switch	and cypher
into this	no
stop	let me out
good	good
good	adaptation
come on	all right
emp armed	and ready
is that	the matrix
see who	the oracle
that vase	i m sorry
trinity go	go
yes	or no
or no	yes
what	the oracle
tank	ioad us up
i	hate
hate	this place
this place	this zoo
i can	taste
taste	your stink
only human	dodge this
lieutenant	oh shit
yes	goddamn it
who is it	it s choi
two grand	hold on
jesus	what
shit	shit shit
yes	now
from what	from you
come on	come on
no	why not
be what	be real
it s cold	it s cold
into this	no
stop	let me out
good	adaptation
come on	all right
look again	freeze it
emp armed	and ready
is that	the matrix
see who	the oracle
that vase	i m sorry
oh my god	let s go
trinity go	go
yes	or no
or no	yes
what	the oracle
tank	load us up
i	hate
hate	this place
this place	this zoo
i can	taste
taste	your stink
only human	dodge this
ow ow	oh god
oh no next	no why
beast	okay okay
laura	lindsey
lindsey	rachel
god jesus	god
lets move	do it go
you stay	shoot him
yeah me	oh shit
professor	yes
suza	suza
say what	accessory
you see	patience
stupid man	hit him
problems	yes
old habits	shit
tuliver	thank god
back jack	you see
you see	it is easy
it is	a fake
a demon	a monster
a monster	a beast
magic	here
carlo	let s eat
god stone	sharp
show me	sir
what is it	food food
eight	eight
satisfied	yes
this is	cages
cages	cages
again	again
war	ning
warning	warning
warning	get it
psychlos	psychlos
three	two
two	one
stop	ha
smell	ich sniff
this way	no
wait	you re not
what	kill me
an r	good
mercy	get ready
get ready	present
present	fire
boys	samuel
samuel	steady
private	private
good night	good night
good night	father
father	yes
halt	make ready
make ready	present
present	fire
retreat	retreat
i am	i think
corporal	be careful
twelve	good
sir	pride
be still	tea
tea	please
charge	fire
fire	retreat
you got it	i got it
do you	yes i do
goodbye	goodbye
colonel	reverend
forward	march
battalion	halt
charge	charge
make ready	take aim
take aim	fire
fire	take aim
take aim	fire
fire	retreat
take aim	fire
wait	no retreat
sound	retreat
jean	ben
an r	good
mercy	get ready
get ready	present
present	fire
boys	samuel
samuel	steady
private	private
good night	good night
good night	father
father	yes
halt	make ready
make ready	present
present	fire
retreat	retreat
i am	i think
corporal	be careful
twelve	good
sir	pride
be still	tea
tea	please
charge	fire
fire	retreat
you got it	i got it
do you	yes i do
goodbye	goodbye
colonel	reverend
forward	march
battalion	halt
charge	charge
make ready	take aim
take aim	fire
fire	take aim
take aim	fire
fire	retreat
take aim	fire
wait	no retreat
sound	retreat
jean	ben
an r	good
mercy	get ready
get ready	present
present	fire
boys	samuel
samuel	steady
private	private
good night	good night
good night	father
father	yes
halt	make ready
make ready	present
present	fire
retreat	retreat
i am	i think
corporal	be careful
twelve	good
sir	pride
be stiil	tea
tea	please
charge	fire
fire	retreat
you got it	i got it
do you	yes i do
goodbye	goodbye
colonel	reverend
forward	march
battalion	halt
charge	charge
make ready	take aim
take aim	fire
fire	take aim
take aim	fire
fire	retreat
take aim	fire
wait	no retreat
sound	retreat
jean	ben
too short	ls it
what	wedding
wedding	today
hold it	answer me
i don t	get them
closed	welcome
so did you	go now
go now	yes sir
lady owner	yes
nice	yes
delicious	yes
a drug	yes
i can go	how
shut up	fine
macy	let go
drink	no
left	i told you
let s go	why
he s ahead	sit tight
no way	why not
please	okay
well done	thank you
wrong file	no
yes sir	lmpressive
yes	i m a spy
your ld	right here
yes	come over
hairy	like
like	a gorilla
quiet	help
miyamoto	yes
you called	earlier
grab me	thanks
go	come
yes smile	smile
no need	really
done	i did it
excuse me	excuse me
shouting	ayudame
no shit	where
where	mm hmm
one love	okay
loud slam	dog barks
screaming	thud
frankie	mikey
huh	sighs
what what	diablo
fuck	grunts
blood	groans
oh shit	buzz
buzz	vamonos
let s go	panting
bye	bye
one	two three
i beg you	i beg you
gibson	gibson
heel	now what
now what	go see
four three	two one
two one	stand by
dr weir	dr weir
oh my god	mommy
let s go	daddy adam
yes	thank you
griffin	here
all right	go get him
come on	come on
come on	come on
wait wait	what
wiley	go
would you	come on
come on	get it off
what	what
got it	good stuff
he does	not today
three	two
two	one
is it y2k	is it y2k
phone	here we go
you should	how is it
where damn	77th
bly	bly
bly	bly
go	go go
go come on	in the car
okay	all right
weird same	weird
yes	yes i did
pay phone	over
here	go
go	see ya
thought so	glasses
glasses	watch
you awake	i m awake
all right	step back
cappella	yeah
backslash	enter
julia	shaw
what	drive okay
sun tzu	chapter 13
got it	good stuff
he does	not today
three	two
two	one
phone	here we go
you should	how is it
where damn	77th
bly	bly
bly	bly
go	go go
go come on	in the car
weird same	weird
yes	yes i did
pay phone	over
here	go
go	see ya
thought so	glasses
glasses	watch
julia	you awake
you awake	i m awake
all right	step back
backslash	enter
julia	shaw
sun tzu	chapter 13
disappear	i m gone
now i	know why
know why	now i
now i	know why
perfect	shall we
grunting	groaning
gasps shhh	easy
easy	oh ethan
aww	laughing
g day	doorcloses
disappear	i m gone
i m gone	i m gone
no wl	know why
know why	no wl
no wl	know why
stable	motion
all secure	excellent
no	wait
wait	wait
no	stop
encryption	hardware
nsa please	nsa loaded
no sir	mr sanders
son of a	jesus
clown	sushi chef
so be it	you shoot
boomer	flash
why	why not
none	no enemies
do what	you and me
you	you re
yeah	bye
that s all	that s all
look at me	look at me
okay	okay
you hungry	a little
we re fine	just go
shit	sorry
thanks	cute guy
cute guy	you think
you think	no
tell him	tell him
i saw that	caught
really	no i
wanting	to go home
jack	jack stop
jack stop	goddamn it
mom and me	i know
a man s no	a boy s
hold	as one
general	general
stop	stop
i must go	yes
so do i	so do i
fratres	maximus
my horse	my lord
two three	four
four	one two
yellow	yellow
good	red red
lucius	mother
you and me	and rome
illusions	traditions
girl	boy
my country	my home
i think so	but then
of course	you see
you see	my wife
out	go go out
still	always
a man s no	a boy s
hold	as one
general	general
stop	stop
stop	stand back
i must go	yes
so do i	so do i
q u	a r
quarantine	q u a r
a n t	l n e
l n e	quarantine
oakland	oakland
yes	yeah
doctor	doctor
or zippers	i m sorry
twa stock	how much
why	because
because	look
quarantine	q
q	u
u	a
a	r
r	a
a	n
n	t
t	i
i	n
q u	a r
quarantine	q u a r
a n t	l n e
l n e	quarantine
oakland	oakland
yes	yeah
352 352	good girl
golden leg	golden leg
the lame	bullshit
me	shit
yes yes	yes yes
right	good
kick it	come on
father	be careful
hide	get away
father	father
i	thank you
no killing	it bite me
chueh yuan	it s you
woods	ramira
ramira	forbes
how is she	stable
up	here
there was	money
money	460 yeah
20	how about
hang on	help me
right	damn
right	whatever
fuck	anybody no
yes hello	hello
sit down	sit down
uh huh	okay
okay	uh huh
good luck	good luck
no way man	you kid
easy girl	easy easy
come on	cooter
really	i got a
patrick	hey you
right here	right here
quarantine	for worms
barbara	barbara
understood	yes sir
now	move
get her	go
come on	ten nine
three	two one
don t move	come here
we done	good
go run	go
that s it	three two
get her	go
come on	ten nine
three	two one
don t move	come here
we done	good
go run	go
no no	homophobia
get her	go
come on	ten nine
three	two one
don t move	don t move
don t move	come here
we done	good
go run	go
that s it	three two
yes	very cute
sir	sir yes
colonel	colonel
6 1 0	6 1 0
6 1 0	commotion
fire	grunting
sir	sir
rosalie	hi hi
back away	come on
present	arms
your uh	grandson
grandson	yes
yes	very cute
no	uhh
hi	hi
sir	sir yes
colonel	colonel
6 10	6 10
charge	shit
come on	oh no
helena hey	sorry
let me in	it s me
come on	okay go go
helena hey	sorry
let me in	it s me
yes	it s me
come on	okay go go
no durant	no mcelroy
now	argh
shit	shit
twat	come on
oi sooty	sooty
watch out	fuck
fuck	oh fuck
come on	aaa aargh
shit	whoa oa
50 50	good boy
argh	fuck
liverpool	liverpool
liverpool	come on
come on	chakras
pos	51
aaaargh	aargh
coughs	oh yeah
no durant	no mcelroy
now	argh
argh	chuckles
huffs	what
shit	shit
twat	come on
oi sooty	sooty
watch out	fuck
fuck	oh fuck
oh fuck	siren
come on	aaa aargh
shit	whoa oa
50 50	good boy
argh	fuck
arrrrrgh	farting
farting	phew eurgh
screaming	oh fuck
no no	screams
all right	screams
liverpool	liverpool
liverpool	come on
come on	charkas
fans chant	car horn
p o s	51
ow argh	gurgling
aaaargh	aargh
aargh	cheering
cheering	whistle
whistle	cheering
easy come	easy go
easy come	easy go
coughs	oh yeah
blade	body bag
no durant	no mcelroy
now	argh
argh	chuckles
huffs	what
shit	shit
twat	come on
oi sooty	sooty
watch out	fuck
fuck	oh fuck
oh fuck	siren
come on	aaa aargh
shit	whoa oa
50 50	good boy
argh	fuck
arrrrrgh	farting
farting	phew eurgh
screaming	oh fuck
no no	screams
all right	screams
liverpool	liverpool
liverpool	come on
come on	chakras
p o s	51
ow argh	gurgling
aaaargh	aargh
aargh	cheering
cheering	whistle
whistle	cheering
easy come	easy go
easy come	easy go
a ring	lost
concerning	hobbits
speech	speech
it s mine	my own
bilbo	bilbo
shire	baggins
shire	baggins
shire	baggins
baggins	shire
tell me	friend
a ring	lost
speech	speech
bilbo	bilbo
shire	baggins
shire	baggins
shire	baggins
baggins	shire
tell me	friend
anything	nothing
frodo	run frodo
run frodo	go hurry
gandalf	oh yes
only	death
who is she	frodo
mission	quest
quest	thing
sorry	get him
the walls	of moria
no	no
frodo help	strider
merry what	i m hungry
oh no	no
steady	come on
come on	now
and now	perfected
stay away	frodo
run	run
leave it	it is over
frodo no	frodo
sorry	get him
the walls	of moria
no	no
frodo help	strider
merry what	i m hungry
oh no	no
steady	come on
come on	now
and now	perfected
stay away	frodo
run	run
leave it	it is over
frodo no	frodo
a ring	lost
concerning	hobbits
speech	speech
bilbo	bilbo
shirel	bagginsi
shire	baggins
shire	baggins
baggins	shire
tell me	friend
anything	nothing
frodo	get down
frodo	run frodo
run frodo	go hurry
gandalf	oh yes
only	death
who is she	frodo
mission	quest
quest	thing
no i won t	bye mom
harvey	shit
no	damn
miss	you know
really	whatever
anything	nothing
frodo	get down
frodo	run frodo
run frodo	go hurry
gandalf	oh yes
only	death
who is she	frodo
mission	quest
quest	thing
gasps	wow
daddy	ohh
groans	daddy no
whatthe	oh boy
danny aah	cheering
next	ma am
yeah	c sorry j
c sorry j	ahem c
q uh q	rafe uh q
e	heh x
hey	hey
ok why not	so uh ahem
groans	chuckles
oh	laughs
hello	hi
here we go	sighs
i love you	sighs
sighs	sighs
evelyn	evelyn
evelyn	evelyn
evelyn	evelyn
evelyn	hey
hi	aloha
family	girl sir
girl sir	the girl
move move	bell rings
bell rings	we the man
evelyn	danny hey
all right	say betty
stand	oh ha
oh ha	betty
lookatthis	hello
red	whoo sorry
yeah yeah	no
no nah	right
shit	evelyn
i won t	aah
woman aah	ow shit
hang on	relax
my god	take cover
explosion	aah
aah	aah
aah ha	oh yeah
doctor	here aah
move move	go go go
fellas sir	sir
yeah	way to go
unh	i m hit
danny	danny
danny	danny oh
danny oh	gasping
danny	danny
gasps	wow
daddy	ohh
groans	daddy no
what the	oh boy
danny aah	cheering
next	ma am
yeah	c sorry j
c sorry j	ahem c
q uh q	rafe uh q
e	heh x
chattering	hey
hey	hey
groans	chuckles
oh	laughs
hello	hi
here we go	sighs
i love you	sighs
sighs	sighs
evelyn	evelyn
evelyn	evelyn
evelyn	evelyn
evelyn	hey
hi	aloha
family	girl sir
girl sir	the girl
move move	bell rings
bell rings	we the man
evelyn	danny hey
all right	say betty
stand	oh ha
oh ha	betty
red	whoo sorry
yeah yeah	no
no nah	right
shit	evelyn
i won t	aah
woman aah	ow shit
hang on	relax
my god	take cover
explosion	aah
aah	aah
aah ha	oh yeah
doctor	here aah
move move	go go go
turn turn	oh god
fellas sir	sir
yeah	way to go
unh	i m hit
danny	danny
danny	danny oh
danny oh	gasping
danny	danny
smith	ah
vomiting	panting
chuckling	yells
okay	there
hello	hello
i il stay	until
until	the end
smith	ah
shut up	there
no	oh shit
excuse me	excuse me
no	okay
okay	there
he yeah	richard
hello	hello
oh no	shit
twenty	no 10
morning	morning
morning	hoy sir
my lords	my ladies
my liege	sir ulrich
ulrich	ulrich
ulrich	ulrich
wow	really
maybe	no
because	i love her
yes	women eh
forty nine	and fifty
jocelyn	your prize
yes	it is so
although	my father
go just go	i don t
yep	good
push it	here we go
come on	hurry up
hey memo	hey joe
jimmy yeah	hey
hey	thanks
who cares	i do
i do	i miss him
you don t	do you
yeah	time him
ready	go
two	three
okay joe	green flag
seven	five
three	floop one
floop one	creaking
me	spy boy
spy boy	whispering
aah	juni
juni	juni
help me	screaming
oh	oh heh heh
f i o	o p
brilliant	girls now
oh no	oh my god
oh my god	it exists
aah oh	aah
aah	unh
thank you	sir
is this	it s tiny
ready	let s go
carmen aah	uhh
oh juni	hola
or what	no
ow	puny juni
love it	spy kids
oh yeah	hell yeah
no sir	me neither
lrene	copy irene
one minute	one minute
ropes	go go go
you down	get down
rpg	hold on
let s go	come on
come on	go move it
go move it	move
he s dead	he s dead
right babe	come on
all right	let s go
technicals	got them
i got you	easy
medic	hoo ah
rangers	who
keep going	i m jammed
i m jammed	i got it
i got it	no shit
twombly	smith no
oh shit	oh fuck
one two	three
ready	one
one	two
two	three go
gun	please
you first	no guns
they re in	yes sir
yeah	weil
weil	fuck them
toss it	now
thank you	stairs
aii right	to friends
cover me	let s go
come to us	fuck you
fuck you	come to me
okay	yes
rangers	who
keep going	i m jammed
i m jammed	i got it
i got it	no shit
oh shit	oh fuck
one two	three
ready	one
one	two
two	three go
oh yeah	hell yeah
no sir	me neither
one minute	one minute
ropes	go go go
you down	get down
rpg	hold on
hold on	no
let s go	come on
come on	go move it
go move it	move
he s dead	he s dead
right babe	come on
all right	let s go
technicals	got them
i got you	easy
medic	hoo ah
rangers	who
loading	keep going
keep going	i m jammed
i m jammed	i got it
i got it	no shit
twombly	smith no
oh shit	oh fuck
one two	three
doc	doc
ready	one
one	two
two	three go
the boss	teacher
a gangster	what
what	lunch
who	lee mi ja
you	come here
come here	oh shit
go home	excuse me
and that	a bear
mercy	bless me
i know	the maps
the pact	sardis
impossible	good
sloane	yes sloane
go go	go go
perfect	here
be safe	okay
irina	irina
ammo	sydney
hi	hey
tell me	byakurai
trust me	trust you
it s over	scram
hey	ah i slept
yeah here	okay
oh my god	ohh
yes	chattering
grunts	scheisse
i m sorry	let s go
oh baby	oh baby
fell apart	oh baby
oh baby	oh baby
oh baby	oh baby
oh baby	oh baby
oh baby	oh baby
oh baby	oh baby
hey n	ah i slept
who	me
who	you
yes	why
yes	why
who	me
who	you
yes	why
take care	please
please	help me
this way	hi daddy
gordy	friend
claudio	no stop
stop her	stop her
dr evil	yo
dad	hello son
what alone	indeed
yes	here he is
hey pa	hey scotty
austin	what
what	i hate you
i hate you	i hate you
we did it	yeah baby
what alone	indeed
austin	what
sean	hi daddy
i like it	thanks
burgess	i m laura
sean	yes
sean	hi daddy
john	don t run
take it	take it
wait wait	wait
come on	come on
leave	leave
i m sorry	i m sorry
i m sorry	i m sorry
i m sorry	i m sorry
murder	murder
agatha	sean
lamar	it s over
show me	fist me
who is he	easy man
easy man	who is he
stop	go on
stop it	wait here
that way	that way
be careful	my taxi
my taxi	fuck off
pierre	the taxi
the taxi	cabrn
cabrn	taxi
alex	alex
please	shut up
shut up	let me go
let me go	shut up
aiuto	lay down
alex	alex
alex	come on
come on	alex
i m going	where to
what is it	it says
a tunnel	all red
i am	oh really
i love you	me too
lie down	shut up
and girls	delicious
stop it	quit it
go on	okay
lie down	shut up
and girls	delicious
stop it	quit it
go on	okay
shoot it	no sir
come on	oh shit
ln ln ln	safety
now	i m trying
he s gone	oh fuck it
right	stand back
you sit	sit sit
come on	shit
fuck off	fuck that
fuck that	stand back
come on	spoon run
come on	i m trying
joe s body	it s gone
clear	get off
sam	fuck
that s it	a bit more
report now	what
wait	quiet
genetic	viral
rain	rain
rain	what
please	just do it
please	go
in or out	in
in	or out
let me out	let me out
that s it	a bit more
report now	what
and you	no nothing
genetic	viral
rain	rain
rain	what
please	just do it
please	go
in or out	in
in	or out
let me out	let me out
yes	yes
what is it	nothing
she fell	you
shut up	how stupid
can i look	drive
i can t	come on
b l n g o	b l n g o
b l n g o	b l n g o
out safe	out safe
amen again	amen
amen	thank you
a war is a	well it s
bungum	sarge
fire fire	fire fire
yeah	when
yeah	when
air cav	garry owen
yes sir	out
wait	wait
medic	medic
all right	le x9ds go
b i n g o	b i n g o
b i n g o	b i n g o
out safe	out safe
amen again	amen
amen	thank you
a war is a	well it s
bungum	sarge
fire fire	fire fire
yeah	when
air cav	garry owen
yes sir	out
wait	wait
medic	medic
all right	let s go
alo	alo
alo	if
to house	if sir
yeah cabot	it s ryan
let s go	move it
wife what	wife
wife	your wife
spinnaker	what
what	spinnaker
sir	bill
me too	perhaps
i wanna go	okay
yes sir	mr cabot
bill	dr ryan
hello	yes
y i of the	y i brave
sir	hello
hello	sir
yeah cabot	it s ryan
let s go	move it
wife what	wife
wife	your wife
spinnaker	what
what	spinnaker
sir	bill
find bomb	we sell
his name	is olson
me too	perhaps
here	friends
yeah	okay
bret	wade
ashley	mom
bret	behind you
yeah i am	me too
bond	mr bond
move it	let s go
verity	james bond
positions	ready play
ready play	en garde
hit	positions
positions	play
hit	two nil
positions	ready
hello	miranda
manual up	manual
okay guys	okay
left hand	that s it
that s it	that s it
read this	bitch
james	james
james	moneypenny
moneypenny	moneypenny
bond	mr bond
shall we	excuse me
hit	positions
positions	play
positions	ready play
ready play	en garde
mr bond	and miss
shall we	shall we
read this	bitch
james	moneypenny
bond	mr bond
move it	let s go
verity	james bond
positions	ready play
ready play	en garde
hit	positions
positions	play
hit	two nil
keep quiet	shut up
shut up	be quiet
please	jesus
go go	after him
scary	don t
roger that	men there
men there	yes sir
this	of course
all of it	all of it
5 4	miyamoto
2 1	milly duck
milly	miyamoto
miyamoto	what now
three four	five six
szia hello	igen igen
oh shit	you okay
rising	rising and
rachel	rachel no
thirteen	twelve
twelve	eleven
watch this	punch it
bad news	for you
nomak	daywalker
bad news	for you
nomak	daywalker
b come on	sissy
10	nine
nine	eight
eight	seven
seven	six
six	five
five	four
four	three
three	two
whistler	wait
nice	i wonder
blood	yeah
yeah	blood
uh	come on
come on	uh
uh	yo
c mon	c mon
c mon	uh
uh	uh
ok	wait
i am ok	hey guys
it is ok	i know
about me	you know
hey	hello
hello	champain
yes	slow
good	qiaqia
qiaqia	it is noce
it is noce	fast 3
fast 3	of course
watch them	allysha
no	ok
how	any dance
any dance	balay
me too	hey junny
we will	take care
take care	ok
thank you	i failed
i failed	i know
i am sorry	i think so
go with me	yes
yes	let s go
let s go	hello
hello	hello
no1 use	shinning
shinning	no2 use
ok	6 clock
ok	go
who	who
who	what
what	when
when	where
where	hello
hello	yes
suny calta	what is up
say hello	hello
one minute	who
is	here
belis	belis
attacked	you know
hurry up	you too
you too	stay close
stay close	great
check it	ok
ok	no
mexico	of course
i am sorry	it is ok
the next	wait
yes	oh my god
wait	what
slow down	ok how
why	junny
junny	why
you go	junny teky
and this	monkey
kate	kate
no	kate
a movie	yeah
i m sorry	are you
where am i	a bunk bed
no sawyer	not yet
ok ok ok	raise it
and	action
hello	i m will
i can t	why not
allright	so
boring	plain
plain	stupid
whazz up	resort
resort	resort
srbs	what
too bad	what
what	oh great
who is she	who cares
commercial	wazzzuuup
allright	go
yes	allright
allright	ready mark
ohh shit	what
bye bye	what
shit	ian
ian	holy shit
holy shit	move move
me yeah	why
ivo	slavko
what	steady
ok ok	move move
i il stay	you sure
ummm what	oh hi
julio	yeah
sever	sever
then don t	quit
oh god no	jeremy
michael	mommy
mommy	sweetie
no	this is
wolf	wolf
chameleon	iguana
iguana	guana
dan no	let him go
climb	climb up
let him go	now
now	life it is
come on	get down
no no	no
oh jesus	ouch ouch
let s go	move
corpsman	corpsman
come on	get down
no no	no
oh jesus	ouch ouch
let s go	move
yahzee	i m hit
corpsman	corpsman
groaning	whooshing
whooshing	retching
retching	gurgling
listen	hi
okay	exhales
hi	hi
who would	heh yeah
groaning	oh
growling	howling
hi hello	growling
roaring	clanks
clanks	grunting
all right	thank you
tango ends	oh
oh	oops
chuckles	admirable
i didn t	good
good	don t
don t	yes sir
yes sir	jimmy
anything	all right
sorry pal	let s go
horn honks	honking
mr dev	move
wear it	wear
wear	boss boss
wa	stri
stri	huh sir
huh sir	oh
dr angela	dr ang ela
dr ang ela	hey
chuckles	bacteria
no strider	sighs
beeps	uh oh
crashing	whimpers
hmm	yells
hello	are we on
no	good
grunting	yells
yeah	grunting
you okay	grunting
shrieking	grunting
screaming	sir
sir	my ring
my ring	screaming
clanging	grunting
grunts	panting
oh	sorry
aah	coughing
ringing	hello
what	water
del blaine	hey
hmm	oh
oh	thank you
name	um
lincoln	chuckling
chuckling	washington
washington	chuckling
chuckling	washington
get on up	get on up
get on up	get on up
shrieks	oh
yes	stop
something	oh charmed
i hope so	beeping
beeping	whoo
whoo	giggling
oops	i spilled
good night	good night
huh	fine
yoo hoo	cheryl
or big	clattering
giggling	oh
chuckles	oh
kinky boy	wh wh
huh	giggling
oh emperor	yelling
yelling	shrieking
whoo	grunting
grunting	whirring
whirring	slapping
slapping	gasping
grunting	screaming
yippee	shrieking
grunting	beeping
beeping	grunting
del help	screaming
please	soft grunt
soft grunt	oh
sick	sad
creepy	horny
delilah	suits you
hey	hmm
let s go	oh my god
huh	go
honest	all right
hey	whoa
okay	slow down
jimmy	suits you
thank you	beeping
gasps	yours
gasps	grunts
all right	let go
yells	blows
blows	grunting
i m busy	yells
you okay	yeah duh
squeals	don t move
grunts	giggling
yelling	gagging
focus go	huh
huh	go
lunch now	oh
nothing	what
no	sick
sick	no
no	a little
get on up	get up now
tong	giggling
cut	get up now
grunting	purse
cut	i m sorry
i m sorry	huh
huh	laughing
that s	laughter
frog	fraud
fraud	giggling
giggling	look at
action	aah
no no no	cut cut
who	giggling
giggling	let s
let s	laughing
laughing	cut
hit me	oh no
i didn t	good don t
good don t	yes sir
watch it	sorry pal
sorry pal	let s go
7268	7268
sick	yeah
creepy	horny
horny	is funny
is funny	is angry
is angry	is crazy
focus	go
hi	hi
nothing	what
no	sick
sick	no
no	a little
listen	hi
hi	hi
who would	heh yeah
all right	thank you
oh	oops
i didn t	good
good	don t
don t	yes sir
yes sir	jimmy
anything	all right
sorry pal	let s go
mr dev	move
wear it	wear
wear	boss boss
wa	stri
stri	huh sir
huh sir	oh
dr angela	dr ang ela
dr ang ela	hey
hello	are we on
no	good
sir	my ring
oh my god	oh my oh
oh	sorry
what	water
del blaine	hey
hmm	oh
oh	thank you
name	um
washington	washington
get up	get on up
get on up	get on up
get on up	get on up
get on up	get on up
oh	ooh
yes	stop
something	oh charmed
cheers	oops
oops	i spilled
good night	good night
huh	fine
yoo hoo	cheryl
kinky boy	wh wh
oh yippee	yippee
please	oh
sick	sad
creepy	horny
horny	is funny
is funny	is angry
is angry	is crazy
delilah	suits you
hey	hmm
ooh	oh
let s go	oh my god
huh	go
honest	all right
hey	whoa
okay	slow down
jimmy	suits you
all right	let go
you okay	yeah duh
focus go	huh
huh	go
hooters	soul patch
lunch now	oh
nothing	what
no	sick
sick	no
no	a little
get on up	get up now
cut	get up now
cut	i m sorry
i m sorry	huh
frog	fraud
fraud	look at
action	aah
aah	no no no
no no no	cut cut
who	let s
hit me	oh no
agreed	agreed
edmond	but how
edmond	edmond
to feel	thud
thud	police
shut up	listen
squealing	clicking
this is it	where
where	there
beeps	it s real
clicking	prozium
prozium	whirs
beeping	beep
beep	beep
click	john
john	yes
yes	of course
rattling	stop that
go	aah
grab it	grab it
yes	i have it
i have it	good
go on	go on
dog barks	panting
thanks	dog yelps
do it	no
no	fuck
sector 7	panting
fire	gunfire
i m ready	today
rumor sir	yes
you re	absolutely
9 seconds	8 seconds
8 seconds	7 seconds
7 seconds	6 seconds
6 seconds	5 seconds
5 seconds	4 seconds
4 seconds	3 seconds
3 seconds	2 seconds
how long	since mom
and lisa	of course
test	yes
calmly	cooly
no	beeping
beeping	oh
oh	shit
ugh	aggh aggh
ohh	wait
wait	wait
wait	look at me
look at me	look at me
oh god no	no
yeah	my uncle
jump	jump jump
yeah	my uncle
jump	jump jump
seat belts	argh
shit	shit
shit	siren
whoa	whoo hoo
yes	go go go
ok	mmph
55 54	53 52
2	time s up
why not	mmm
oh	aah
mumbles	mumbling
i got love	i got love
right	of course
careful	it s hot
madeleine	homemade
homemade	lai yes
not me	quiet
what	the quiet
coughing	you ok
you ok	no
uhh	aah
you ok mm	sure
aha	ah
la la la	hello
hello	see
good luck	one minute
my father	my sisters
chuckles	thank you
6 5	4 3
4 3	2
2	one
one	shoot
shoot	laughs
laughs	lai
12 hours	less
less	less
less	impressive
ahh	54 50 50
aah	aah
yah	uhh
ohh aah	ohh
ohh	ohh
pilot sure	where
where	down there
aah	aah
i gotta go	frank
beauty	frank
frank	frank
max	pardon me
audrey	audrey
jack	are you ok
gasps	rumbling
rumbling	ahhhhhhh
mum	mum
mum	mum
chuckles	sorry
grunts	aah
aah	grunts
grunts	aah
gasps	no
no	click
bedtime	good night
ajay alarm	clicking
let s move	right
roars	rumbling
rachel	rachel
devon	devon
devon	devon
eddie	roars
come on	go
grunts	grunts
huh	who eddie
oh dear	clicking
grunts	grunts
archangels	huh
sizzling	sure
laughs	laughs
yah	come on
whirring	beeping
beeping	hold on
negative	screeching
groaning	great shot
screeches	ahhhhhhh
roger that	oh my
okay okay	rumbling
sighs	oi
oi	i said no
i said no	no quinn
no quinn	ugh
ooh	uh
uh	ugh
ugh	huh
huh	uh uh uh
uh uh uh	ah
ah	grunts
grunts	oh
huh ooh	huh ugh
grunts	ugh
wincing	footsteps
footsteps	panting
ahhhhhhh	ahhhhhhhh
easy easy	easy girl
easy girl	whirring
jared	creedy
panting	rattling
rattling	crash
creedy	ugh
creedy ahh	pounding
pounding	no
no	crying no
rumbling	jared
jared	pounding
push	ugh
jared	yeah quinn
yeah	quinn
you scared	no
quinn	move
ahhh	roaring
roaring	ahhh
no	roars
uh	ahhhhhhhhh
screeches	no
roars	hissing
sniffs	come on
sorry	karen
karen	what
mum	mum
mum	mum
aah	creedy
bedtime	bedtime
bedtime	good night
let s move	right
quinn	quinn
rachel	rachel
rachel	i m here
i m here	devon
devon	devon
ahhhhhh	ahhhhhh
come on	go
huh	who eddie
creedy	creedy
archangels	huh
huh	17 seconds
yah	come on
hold on	alvarez
quinn	trouble
oi	i said no
i said no	no quinn
no quinn	ugh
ugh	huh huh
ooh	uh
uh	ugh
ugh	huh
huh	uh uh uh
uh uh uh	ah
ah	oh
huh ooh	huh ugh
ahhhhhhh	ahhhhhhhh
ahhhhhhhh	ahhhhhhh
easy easy	easy girl
van zan	van zan
van zan	van zan
hyah	hyah
creedy	ugh
no	no
push	ugh
ugh	agh
agh	back away
jared	yeah quinn
yeah	quinn
quinn	use it
hey	you scared
you scared	no
quinn	move
ahhh	ahhh
go go	no
uh	ahhhhhhhhh
quinn	alex
lmperfect	i plummet
i plummet	and ponder
forfeit	my future
no no	gandalf
no	gandalf
merry	merry
man flesh	aragorn
merry	merry
pippin	let s go
halflings	shirefolk
all dead	all rotten
hide hide	hide
gandalf	oh yes
and then	a tunnel
my lord	uncle
no my lord	let him go
we want it	we need it
go away	go away
i hate you	i hate you
what	leave now
mr frodo	look
momma	freda
arwen	it is time
dead	how when
answer me	smeagol
put it on	disappear
elves	dwarves
ladders	good
twenty	twenty one
twenty one	twenty two
kill him	kill him
wait stop	stop
please	let me go
let me go	hurry
not alone	rohirrim
a hit	a fine hit
no no	gandalf
merry	merry
man flesh	aragorn
grma	grma
merry	merry
pippin	let s go
halflings	shire folk
my name	my name
gandalf	gandalf
gandalf	yes
look	the gate
and then	a tunnel
my lord	uncle
no	murderer
go away	go away
i hate you	i hate you
what	leave now
mr frodo	look
he s	dead
dead	how when
answer me	smagol
put it on	disappear
disappear	i can t
he il see	mr frodo
elves	dwarves
for an age	entmoot
nineteen	twenty
twenty	twenty one
gimli	timbers
fall back	fall back
wait stop	stop
please	let me go
let me go	hurry
not alone	rohirrim
no my lord	let him go
we want it	we need it
go away	go away
i hate you	i hate you
what	leave now
mr frodo	look
trust this	trust us
arwen	it is time
dead	how when
answer me	smagol
put it on	disappear
no no	gandalf
merry	merry
man flesh	aragorn
merry	merry
pippin	let s go
halflings	shirefolk
all dead	all rotten
hide hide	hide
gandalf	oh yes
destroy it	dooku
mmm	jedi
ki adi	hurry
oh yes	laughing
laughing	chuckles
gasps	whirring
chuckling	hmm
no	no
no	mom no
sentinels	damn it
new game	objections
objections	objections
ogi	sir
odd	odd
odd	game
a masseur	please sir
game	even odd
is ogi in	yes sir
listen up	first me
first me	like this
then	you
let s go	hurry
thanks	go go
samurai	it s late
my sword	i m sorry
i m sorry	you fool
odd	even
them	yes
may i join	odd
odd	odd
what	go to hell
even	even
a masseur	please sir
let s go	leave me
leave me	come on
even	odd
odd	i won
no	sir
nothing	are you ok
me first	like that
then	you
good	let s try
one more	not yet
burn it	stop
come on	quickly
god	uncle link
bad for us	here we go
poetry	first
wait	okay
yes	that s it
all right	all right
gotcha	she s good
good	any change
come on	come on
come on	please
the matrlx	reloaded
link	yes mister
link	mr
morfeo	major lock
major	captain
captain	councilman
i need you	i know it
ballard	is it here
please	for my
neo	who demons
i know it	then
yes	how well
you	yes me
what i can	why
bad for us	here we go
god	uncle link
bad for us	here we go
poetry	first
wait	okay
yes	that s it
all right	all right
the hammer	what
trinity	trinity
you can t	you can t
you can t	yes i can
any change	no
what is he	he is you
i know	sati honey
i m ready	trinity
no	nothing
all right	this is it
sentinels	damn it
hey	hey
hold still	sit sit
yuki	yuki
yuki	stupid cat
somebody	tell me
i dream	than when
than when	i am awake
sentinels	damn it
excuse me	hey
hey	hey
sit sit	hello
sit down	free
free	sit down
sit down	engllsh
excuse me	hey
hey	hey
sit sit	hello
sit down	free
free	sit down
sit down	engllsh
yeah	thanks
not quite	a friend
may i	you may
you may	wait
bastard	fuck face
fuck face	gentlemen
yeah	thanks
not quite	a friend
may i	you may
you may	wait
bastard	fuck face
fuck face	gentlemen
whoosah	whoosah
it s syd	move move
get out	you drive
marsupials	marsupials
i il do it	okay bye
and	i said syd
i said syd	i ran in
and i said	what s up
i got it	load up
whoa shit	mike mike
hello	capteeon
dad	dad
here boy	here
here boy	here
in and out	relax
relax	let it go
when	when when
down	mom dad
nelly	nelly
nelly	oh no
bye	bye
hey	owen
wait wait	listen
to stay	yep
anywhere	nowhere
great	junkies
sorry	i just
yes	he s
hello	hello
just	imagine
how	why why me
no i	what
what enemy	us
us	humans
what	nothing
now	let s go
go now	come on
no phone	no address
anywhere	nowhere
oh my god	are you ok
connectlng	connectlng
connectlng	connectlng
connectlng	connectlng
mlsmatch	mlsmatch
mlsmatch	mlsmatch
mlsmatch	mlsmatch
mlsmatch	mlsmatch
mlsmatch	mlsmatch
mlsmatch	mlsmatch
mlsmatch	mlsmatch
match	match
match	match
match	match
match	match
accurate	accurate
accurate	accurate
accurate	accurate
accurate	accurate
great	junkies
shut up	help
right	and him
how	why why me
gotcha	good news
oh my god	of course
oh no	what
what enemy	us
us	humans
daddy	get down
what	nothing
termlnate	abort
abort	termlnate
termlnate	abort
abort	termlnate
termlnate	abort
abort	termlnate
come out	b
b	bl
bl	blu
blu	blue
blue	blue
blue	blue 4
blue 4	blue 47
blue 47	blue 478
avalon 412	put it in
go	come on
great	junkies
sorry	i just
yes	he s
hello	hello
just	imagine
how	why why me
i m 100	more
screams	growling
roaring	growling
me	lt
lt	heaving
heaving	it s okay
hello	sir
sir	hello
let s go	please try
typing	beeping
hit it	yelling
look betty	you and i
chuckles	right
right	look
sit down	shut up
grunts	roarinq
clear	growls
roarinq	yells
brown hair	brown eyes
i um	ross yeah
not real	not real
not real	not real
not real	not real
not real	not real
no no	david no
right	look uh
i um	yeah
not real	not real
not real	not real
not real	not real
not real	not real
master	well done
impossible	besides
i know	so
good niglt	wlat
excuse me	yes
tlank you	tlank you
yeal	definitely
don t move	guys
get up	come on
it s over	not yet
skinner no	me
beck beck	b e c k
now	now
come on	come on
american	yeah
travis	good god
what is	travis hey
steady	steady
steady	steady
steady	steady
say hi	hi
of course	hey
small ones	find them
find them	find them
come on	wait
monkey	eagle
let s go	move
oh shit	what what
go for it	yeah
beck beck	b e c k
now	now
come on	come on
american	yeah
travis	good god
what is	travis hey
steady	steady
steady	steady
steady	steady
say hi	hi
of course	hey
smaii ones	find them
find them	find them
come on	wait
monkey	eagle
let s go	move
oh shit	what what
go for it	yeah
dylan	go for it
bos what	b
it s grape	yes sir
good iuck	good iuck
seamus	seamus
seamus	seamus
stop	stop
a stair	astaire
astaire	astaire
jason	i love you
weii done	no no no
yeah but	you sorry
left turn	right 300
right 300	right
now	that s it
jet	may i
may i	oh yes sir
may i help	let me see
it hurts	i m sorry
5500	6000
6000	6500
6500	7000
7000	7500
7500	8000
8000	8500
8500	9000
9000	9500
12000	12000
12000	13000
15000	25000
26000 once	twice
twice	30000
30000	no regret
coming	left 80
how much	55 seconds
follow me	big turn
no problem	left 160r
left 160r	go in
thanks	well done
6	laura stop
stop	brake
brake	you two
great	let s go
let s go	go
ready	go
michel	sign
alright	sign
coming	yes
56	55
55	54
now	he dies
come on	come on
are you ok	fine
fine	a bit sick
a bit sick	let me see
let me see	shit
slow down	noway
hurry	i must win
walk	walk
i set out	oh girl
what	garrulous
i came	i know
i know	thank you
oh	hey
300 pieces	mine
mine	i follows
still	to
to	hi su s
damn	damn
damn	haha
h m	past
h m	can of
start when	now start
understand	yes
yes	you
you	yes
yes	very good
very good	leave
like	leave
leave	oh
you four	run
run	run
his change	his car
what	be this
spread out	we walk
i like	very good
understand	yes
1 00 g s	how waiter
see again	hey you
understand	decline
run	very good
pan with	hear
start	let i to
not good	encourage
is	i is
i will do	do what
understand	understand
understand	is
enough	shut up
we set out	report
pack	here
damn	hurry
hurry	shut up
key	hurry
yes	your money
yes	sorry
up up	quick
yes master	good
yes	all of it
fantastic	don
ting	you
ting	go go
muay	muay
hey	be careful
present	arms
hey	you
pirate	hang him
indeed	finally
and my hat	commodore
poppet	come out
tortuga	tortuga
that s it	waste not
15 40	25
i m sorry	will
will	nice hat
present	arms
hey	you
indeed	finally
and my hat	commodore
poppet	come out
tortuga	tortuga
that s it	waste not
now	fire fire
off you go	come on
15 40	25
nice hat	men
one	two
two	and three
stay	sorry stay
artie	not here
hi logan	hi jean
nothing	i was here
excuse me	nothin
not yet	wolverine
velcro	nice
i can t	look
artie	not here
hi logan	hi jean
nothing	i was here
excuse me	nothin
not yet	wolverine
velcro	nice
i can t	look
hey granny	hi tweety
card sir	hit me
excuse me	you
you	you him
you him	her them
here	be safe
yes	look
you	come here
henchmen	dad
baby	go relax
yo	yo
yo	supplies
uh	some uh
yo	uh nothing
get out	there
oh really	and
hi steve	charlie
do what	yevhen
wrench	set
ten	nine
nine	eight
eight	seven
seven	six
six	five
five	four
two	one
napster	yeah
what	no it s 27
money	yes i am
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
daddy	it s early
i m fine	fine
come on	what uh oh
come on	let s go
today	yeah
to us	yay
in what	in gold
money	it s a gas
fire	whoa
lyle	lyle
stella	jesus
jesus	charlie
okay	um you um
it s okay	good night
good night	bye
no	perfect
come on	house
baby	go relax
yo	yo
yo	supplies
uh	some uh
yo	uh nothing
get out	there
oh really	and
hi steve	charlie
do what	yevhen
wrench	set
ten	nine
nine	eight
eight	seven
seven	six
six	five
five	four
two	one
napster	yeah
what	no it s 27
money	yes i am
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
away away	away
away	away away
agent one	gentlemen
help help	well hello
hmm	madame
um well	he was big
ow oh	no no no
bough go	geronimo
yes	c c a uh
um	aah
it worked	ohh sir
merde	aah
king	what
agent one	gentlemen
screaming	help help
help help	well hello
hmm	madame
um well	he was big
ow oh	no no no
um moans	aah
dog barks	rings yes
gulps	what uh
it worked	ohh sir
rejoice	rejoice
rejoice	rejoice
rejoice	rejoice
rejoice	and sing
gunshot	merde
king	what
hector	hector
my bull	ah
leave him	let me go
no pollux	no
ready oars	ready pull
calchas	my lord
pitch	oh
okay ready	ready
mariachi	which one
him too	him too
you	are iast
i meant	this
mariachi	which one
him too	him too
you	are last
i meant	this
what	by who
go home	jake yeah
jake yeah	be careful
no no	stop
move in	go go go
matthew	matthew
matt	matt
papa	papa papa
he	made me
made me	miss
you	let s play
daredevil	kingpin
matthew	matthew
matt	matt
papa	papa papa
he	made me
made me	miss
you	let s play
daredevil	kingpin
matt	matt
one way	or another
d rock	chattering
groaning	grunting
the uh	coughs
i do	groans
groans	roaring
beeping	beeps
who	grunts
murmuring	ls he mad
hey	ah
it s okay	okay
clear away	make way
lin	wang
kill him	no okay no
mm mmm	roy
who	grunts
murmuring	is he mad
hey	ah
it s okay	okay
clear away	make way
lin	wang
kill him	no okay no
mm mmm	roy
lin	roy
wu chow	wu who
hurry up	sighs wait
where am i	lin
bleats	what
what	bleats
what	all hi roy
gasps	looky here
go	chon roy
chon roy	i got it
what	laughter
laughter	nelson
yee haw	yee haw
oh	come on
for father	for father
roy	oops
on three	one
one	two
and jackie	jackie
your babys	what
what	baby what
oh go on	so mean
ow	whoa whoa
roy	roy
what is it	bats
that is	what is it
watch this	superstar
not man	and
prepare	1 2 3 go
are you ok	you idiot
pretty	be serious
well ok	like that
and	enough
you cry	you bad
you bad	you kill
charcoal	charcoal
charcoal	blockhead
blockhead	it s us
it s us	you
go now	ok just go
ok just go	go
go	go
take me go	shut up
forgive	sister
stop	edo bowman
with love	ok
blue	spring
spring	blue
spring	blue
blue	shit
ok when	now
now	now ya
it s okay	yes sir
saru	yes sir
no don t	master
no don t	master
back off	okay
okay	okay
my lord	she s here
yes	the lycan
selene	selene
my lord	she s here
yes	the lycan
selene	selene
yes	the lycan
no	no
no	no
selene	selene
yes	the lycan
selene	selene
has do we	lndeed
has do we	lndeed
we perhaps	do we
do we	ls not bad
a farzamit	an insect
really	yes
hurry up	leave that
steady now	be calm
fire	fire
doctor	wait
and within	sir
no	no
fall back	fall back
no	no
yes	yes
frodo	frodo
oh	pity
well	i m back
why	because
gollum	gollum
gollum	gollum
wake up	wake up
no	it isn t
it s ours	ours
he is here	i see you
merry	come on
take cover	nazgl
sneaking	sneaking
stop it	sam
no sam	it s you
faramir	faramir
well	yes
murderers	traitors
no	we cannot
go in	or go back
smagol	over here
you il see	oh yes
smagol	smagol
all clear	okay hank
i got it	go
hello john	kelli
right	good
god	yeah yeah
go go	clear
behind you	john shark
st vitus	really
bye boat	now
now	yes
isnt it	drink up
who me	yeah
yeah	what s up
homes	what s up
get down	stay down
baby	i m okay
honey	i m okay
hello	look at me
whoa	slow down
come on	let s go
right	baby
get down	stay down
baby	l m okay
honey	i m okay
hello	look at me
look at me	sir
whoa	slow down
you mother	hold on
come on	let s go
fine	lets go
sr ardena	sir sorry
i got you	i got you
down now	silk
silk	no
hooyah	hooyah
let s go	lieutenant
lena	lena
wake up	okeze
sit up	slo
breathe	no
goddamn it	goddamn it
peel	go
fuck	lake
go go	run go
amaka	amaka
amaka	mama
mama	amaka
all right	dismissed
oh no	oh no
we got you	lieutenant
gentlemen	please
clear l t	zee
no	no
doc no	come on
musa	patience
a k	command
command	yes sir
rebels	could be
holding	let s go
down now	silk
silk	no
hooyah	hooyah
let s go	lieutenant
lena	lena
wake up	okeze
sit up	slo
breathe	no
goddamn it	goddamn it
peel	go
fuck	lake
go go	run go
amaka	amaka
amaka	mama
mama	amaka
yes	yes
stop	load
faster	faster
sake	sake
over there	over there
naomei	naomai
you try	fight
no mind	no mind
hana nose	top knot
top knot	mimi ear
algren	all gren
cold	samui cold
samui cold	samui
go get it	not me
yes	i hope so
algren san	algren san
don t move	don t move
my lord	my lord no
my lord no	nobutada
my lord	we must go
yes i will	captain
test	test
ready	fire
fire	fire
yes	yes
stop	load
faster	faster
sake	sake
over there	over there
naomei	naomai
you try	fight
no mind	no mind
top knot	mimi ear
cold	samui cold
samui cold	samui
go get it	not me
yes	i hope so
algren san	algren san
my lord	my lord no
my lord no	nobutada
my lord	we must go
yes i will	captain
test	test
ready	fire
aah	laughter
oh man	we re on
we re on	we re on
croaking	ugh
ugh ugh	grunting
aah	ugh
moaning	aah
aah	aah ugh
wow	aah
grandpa	juni
juni	where am i
hmm	grandpa
grandpa	hmm
well	you will
hi	i m juni
yeah	whoo yes
hey hey	hey
chuckles	goodbye
whoa	grunts
ugh	ugh
ugh	nngh
nngh	oh
oh	the glove
the glove	ugh
whoa	whoa
yeah	cheering
cheering	yeah
yeah	yeah
my brains	my cool
crashing	spread out
hello	grandpa
not me guy	beeping
sorry juni	my family
love hate	uh huh
whoa	ugh
uh oh	whoo hoo
roars	juni
carmen	roaring
roaring	francis
francis	arnold
grandpa	me
me	aah
cake	aah aah
groaning	oh
oh	oh my
go now	demetra
aah aah	earthquake
earthquake	tornado
tornado	hurricane
groaning	unh unh
but who	i m ready
grandpa	don t
to family	to family
to family	to family
hi	hi
hi	hi
here	take it
zed	zed
woody	oh my
jay	jay
ready	fire
what	your six
you re	a
a	fucking
fucking	pig
what s up	right
shit hey	sorry
hank	get off me
brittany	yeah
sorry	earl
forklift	i got it
i got it	yep
warrant	a warrant
you sure	yeah
earl	hey earl
what	your six
you re	a
a	fucking
fucking	pig
what s up	right
shit hey	sorry
hank hank	hank
hank	get off me
brittany	yeah
sorry	earl
forklift	i got it
i got it	yep
warrant	a warrant
you sure	yeah
earl	hey earl
what	your six
you re	a
a	fucking
fucking	pig
what s up	right
shit hey	sorry
hank	get off me
brittany	yeah
sorry	earl
forklift	i got it
i got it	yep
warrant	a warrant
you sure	yeah
earl	hey earl
is short	wait a sec
my	name is
daesu	daesu
daesu	daesu
ah great	daesu
daesu	hey daesu
and lover	but
but	but
13 years	elected
sir	sir
i m mido	you see
you see	later
give it	to me
oh daesu	farewell
farewell	farewell
joo hwan	did i
don t move	don t move
now	here we go
daesu	yeah
joo hwan	joo hwan
joo hwan	daesu
daesu	daesu
huh	let me go
p	penthouse
sir boss	woojin
i love you	daesu
my	name is
daesu	daesu
daesu	daesu
ah great	daesu
daesu	hey daesu
and lover	but
but	but
13 years	elected
sir	sir
i m mido	you see
you see	later
give it	to me
oh daesu	farewell
farewell	farewell
joo hwan	did i
don t move	don t move
now	here we go
daesu	yeah
joo hwan	joo hwan
joo hwan	daesu
daesu	daesu
huh	let me go
p	penthouse
sir boss	woojin
i love you	daesu
my	name is
daesu	daesu
daesu	daesu
ah great	daesu
daesu	hey daesu
and lover	but
but	but
13 years	elected
sir	sir
i m mido	you see
you see	later
give it	to me
oh daesu	farewell
farewell	farewell
joo hwan	did i
don t move	don t move
now	here we go
60	22 8
br2	br1
72 3	got that
got that	no way
here goes	three two
three two	one
taku	nao nao
shut up	no i can t
you il die	wait miki
i refuse	come again
shintaro	loser
for real	for real
go	run
run	move it
i dropped	my gun
miki	hurry up
hurry up	run
hurry run	hey miki
hey hey	shut up
hey hey	hosake
wait	a child
let s go	you too
wait jin	hey
hey	taku
sir	sir
nozomi	nozomi
i i	survive
nozomi	sagisawa
hello	hello
you ok	mimura
mimura	run
cuba congo	peru laos
taku	taku
taku	takuma
kuze	you ok
how ironic	what
a drink	no thanks
closer	not yet
i m going	kyoko san
go then	yes
go now	shibaki
osamu	time go go
sakai	it s me
sakai	shuya
sakai	shuya
shuya	go ahead
go ahead	maki
i m sorry	i never
i never	once
once	called you
kitano	hey kitano
shuya	jin
i i	i
look here	be quiet
hi	hi
hi	hi
no	no money
where is	bil
bil	bil
shit	keycard
aloha	hi
faith	faith
faith	faith
holy shit	earthquake
watch out	the bag
you mother	drama
yeah daddy	vanessa
vanessa	vanessa
great	shit
daddy	daddy
faith	faith
faith	faith
faith	faith
faith	faith
grandpa	hmm
ok	let s go
obsessed	passionate
ah	andwearein
a e f g	l o r v y
clear	what the
i mm fine	lemmons
s s a n d	ok huh
ok	s s a
s s a	no n
i m fine	lemons
s s a n d	ok huh
ok	s s a
s s a	no n
ok	let s go
obsessed	passionate
yeah	ok go go
a e f g	l o r v y
clear	what the
i m fine	lemons
s s a n d	ok
ok	s s a
s s a	no n
idiot who	me what
good luck	ben
get on	lan
look	stairs
nachos	oh my god
out	out out
hi	i il
hi there	come on
come on	come on
silence	imagine it
imagine it	an eden
paranormal	move it
he s gone	for now
please	the pages
hellboy	he s real
oh crap	child
yuck	screw this
kroenen	move
dream	of fire
oh man	oh jesus
myers	pop
nachos	oh my god
hi	hi
i do	what i am
come on	come on
come on	come on
thank you	thank you
imagine it	an eden
no	no
paranormal	move it
he s gone	for now
please	the pages
hellboy	he s real
oh crap	child
yuck	screw this
kroenen	move
dream	of fire
oh man	oh jesus
aah	ah
no no	no
aah	fuck you
fuck you	aah
aah	garlic
whistler	dead
whistler	this way
we had him	ugh
aah	no
aah	aah
oh	holy shit
hello	aah
oh jesus	it s him
fuck me	aah
there s me	go
harvest	put it in
aah	aah
aah	aah
zoe	zoe
this blood	this blood
this blood	this blood
abby	hey
hey	you okay
yeah	yeah
yeah	yeah
no michael	what
clang	chuckling
somebody	help me
no now	get out no
tom	tom
but sun	he s going
sun hello	hey
stop there	stop
come here	chunbae
but	yes sir
pachinko	pachinko
pachinko	pachinko
baedal	bumsoo
follow him	get him
pachinko	pachinko
hey	what
attention	salute
you have	kudo
understood	pleasure
pleasure	same here
72	73
i m sorry	74
see ya	good night
go home	chill out
well who	shit
it s you	go
mei	turn
turn	what
what	turn
one	two three
wait wait	what is it
over there	open up
no no	stop it
back off	cynthia
stop	get away
let s go	now go
max my god	shoot me
i m here	i m here
wait wait	what is it
no no	stop it
back off	cynthia
stop	get away
max my god	shoot me
it s you	go
mei	mei
mei	turn
turn	what
what	turn
it s you	go
mei	mei
mei	turn
turn	what
what	turn
madam	i m coming
i m coming	madam
madam	here i am
any clues	not yet
it s you	go
towards us	be careful
mei	turn
turn	what
madam	i m coming
i m coming	madam
madam	here i am
any clues	not yet
one more	i got you
go but	go
hi mommy	alison
no	a career
oi sir	sir
psst	psst
55 000 sir	vision tv
hello	who s this
thank you	hello
gunther	gunther
father	father
come on	here
here	come on
gunther	siegfried
of course	the qu n
iovers	siegfried
siegfried	siegfried
help help	help
all of it	the hoard
it s yours	mine
come on	here
here	come on
gunther	siegfried
help help	help
it s yours	mine
come on	here
here	come on
gunther	siegfried
help help	help
now	forgive me
argh	warcries
warcries	woads
hm	gentlemen
arthur	arthur
thank you	thank you
kill her	wails
wails	no no
saxon	how many
how many	thousands
get back	get back
move	move
move	move
agh	agh
mother	artorius
mother	mother
yaagh	kill him
kill him	dag
who is he	arthur
arthur	arthur
shh	shh
screaming	warcry
not this	never this
argh	war cries
war cries	woads
hm	gentlemen
arthur	arthur
thank you	thank you
kill her	wails
wails	no no
saxon	how many
how many	thousands
get back	get back
move	move
agh	agh
he burns	brave boy
mother	artorius
mother	mother
thank you	abrams
yeah sure	porc
otley	shit
damn fool	ma
why yes	excuse me
thank you	it was not
help	help me
hurry swim	come on
yeah	yeah
ugh	elena
elena	g go
let s go	ok
fight	no
truly	i swear it
cloud	run
kadaj	what is he
tried it	tried it
denzel	denzel
probably	i see
ugh	elena
elena	g go
let s go	ok
fight	no
truly	i swear it
cloud	run
kadaj	what is he
tried it	tried it
denzel	denzel
probably	i see
ugh	elena
elena	g go
let s go	ok
fight	no
truly	i swear it
cloud	run
kadaj	what is he
tried it	tried it
denzel	denzel
probably	i see
shit	come on
let her go	max
thanks max	go get em
yeah uh	yeah uh i
shit	y i
hang on	carefully
shit	come on
let her go	max
okay here	thanks man
chris	deni
no come on	hell no
stop	where
hey chris	get up jay
okay here	thanks man
chris	deni
no come on	hell no
excuse me	excuse me
hey chris	get up jay
right ok	brilliant
cross	cross
scott	scott yeah
lights	here
why	because
hey hey	hey
hey	what
no	ok one two
no	she s sure
this guy	todd
terry yeah	hold this
glen	no
yeah	ok
ok	i m in
cool huh	wow
goddamnit	move
anal	get in
damn fuck	come on
come on	bitch shit
soap	beau line
exactly	drina
good luck	yeah
thanks	thank you
your cat	socrates
sal sal	sally
myself	okay
yes	you died
mom mom	help mom
help mom	mom
don t what	think ever
did i	yeah
game over	guess what
last time	thank you
yeah	it stinks
yes sir	general
yes	master
phobos	fear
and glory	of greece
i have	requested
tell me	name
go on	go on
take it	kiss kids
i go east	crowd
he s dead	who
yes	master
perdiccas	leonnatus
leonnatus	nearchus
phobos	fear
fear	a bad omen
and glory	of greece
i have	requested
tell me	hermolaos
no	no stop
no stop	papa
papa	obey me
master	master yes
do you see	that s us
my son	my son
as i am	not who
not who	loves
loves	loves
a toast	a toast
perdiccas	leonnatus
leonnatus	nearchus
phalanx	attention
and glory	of greece
cassander	go
philotas	father
requested	requested
so dark	but in you
do it	end it
end it	i would do
tell me	hermolaus
to bagoas	bagoas
to a hero	to a hero
yes later	talk
to philip	a hero
what	silence
peucestas	a hero
charge	charge
attack	alexander
wait	wait
i m up	i m up
ticket	hi
oh my god	oh my god
hopefully	bye bye
taxi hey	taxi
taxi	nice move
what	it s a dog
i think	well
hello	help
help	help
roxy	trey yeah
sorry	excuse us
well	for as the
no no	no
yes ma am	oh my baby
oh my baby	fly
fly	every time
yeah	jane ryan
bye	bye
i m up	i m up
ticket	hi
oh my god	oh my god
hopefully	bye bye
taxi hey	taxi
taxi	nice move
what	it s a dog
i think	well
hello	roxy
roxy	trey yeah
sorry	excuse us
well	for as the
no no	no
yes ma am	oh my baby
oh my baby	fly
fly	every time
yeah	jane ryan
bye	bye
i m up	i m up
ticket	hi
oh my god	oh my god
hopefully	bye bye
taxi hey	taxi
taxi	nice move
what	it s a dog
i think	well
hello	help
help	help
roxy	trey yeah
sorry	excuse us
well	for as the
no no	no
yes ma am	oh my baby
oh my baby	fly
fly	every time
yeah	jane ryan
bye	bye
it s tails	cheering
silent	yelling
yelling	chattering
or what	or what
or what	or sighs
no	cheering
yelling	let s go
pita	pita
thank you	thank you
creasy	bye creasy
bye creasy	so long
so long	bye bird
yeah	hey crease
go vamos	vamos bird
vamos bird	vamos
bang	bang
10 99 yes	whoo
whatever	baby
bye bye	gracias
creasy	creasy
crease	crease
rayburn	rayburn
hey	hey ray
correct	okay
okay	okay
la nia no	no vamos
s	okay
s	okay uh
s	s
s	huh
creasy	creasy
check	aj gyros
oh god	a j
hey rod	hmm
here	take it
beeping	beeping
wha	elliott
i m in	yeah
frank hmm	you okay
oh yeah	hey patch
ah geez	oh my god
whoa whoa	cheering
cheering	yeah yeah
exhales	frank
sammi	jesus
oh shit	gunshots
gunshots	oh shit
panting	oh god
oh good	screams
mm hmm	say please
please	what
what	please
please	ian
come on	sobbing
i told you	i told you
yeah	laughing
yeah	hey boy
yes	whoo hoo
yeah yeah	sammi
like yours	exactly
christ	is he dead
is he dead	yes oh god
now 1 2 3	ok slowly
oh my god	sorry
lena	oh god
oh god	great
great	oh god
helena	what
run now	what
come here	helena
come on	yeah yeah
oh jeez	and
desmond	what
hiya	hello
helena	hello
hello	hello
aye it is	sorry
come on	shh
shh	quiet
go get in	come on
quick	go back
the shovel	run
what	shh
oh my god	run run
that s it	hell no
butt	butt what
haah	ooh
no respect	come on
yikes	no aaah
whoo	god gus
go	red light
red light	go
austin	check
huh	holy
financial	cheers
okay	one two
whoa	maddy
maddy	aah
aah	gus
gus austin	my bag
you dumb	okay
mother	ah oh god
max max	max whee
that is so	oh
50 000	yes no
and	the hat
paula	schultz
ugh	gross
mmm	you know
of course	lisa wong
okay	don t move
chloe	hey ryan
ryan	ryan
ryan	oh my god
i	oh god
son	holy
shit	what
shit	whoa
oh shit	no please
no no	stop it
shit	damn it
you here	yeah
stay there	okay
okay	don t move
chloe	hey ryan
ryan	ryan
ryan	oh my god
i	oh god
son	holy
shit	what
shit	whoa
oh shit	no please
no no	stop it
shit	damn it
you here	yeah
stay there	okay
oh no	what
come on	go good
good	alright
tonight	tonight
dog whines	alone
grunting	gunshots
gemini	what
credo	well
all right	hey
hey	not the
gemini	what
credo	well
all right	hey
hey	not the
gemini	what
credo	well
all right	hey
hey	not the
uh	waaah
whoa	whoa
now	look out
no	spread out
a wager	10 000
no no it s	clever oh
clever oh	hmm yes
oh	mmm
no	halt
ah ah	ahhh
ah uh	yes
ooh	thank you
oh yes	sorry
sorry	ah
physics no	snake
snake	yes
behind you	oh really
no	owww
alms	alms
hyah	hyah
one two	go three
bobby	stay down
ah shit	surprise
i did	yeah
i love it	thanks
okay okay	help
exactly	wait wait
mike joe	welcome
no	okay
hey	get out
drinking	a lot
mr castle	frank
what is it	piercings
piercings	piercings
whoa	what
what	what
oh so true	so true
huh huh	no
bobby	bobby
bobby	stay down
coughing	grunting
i did	yeah
i love it	thanks
no	maria
screaming	oh my god
mike joe	welcome
no	okay
hey	get out
get out	sighs
drinking	a iot
mr castle	frank
what is it	piercings
piercings	piercings
whoa	what
what	what
oh so true	so true
huh huh	no
not much	weil
bobby	bobby
bobby	stay down
ah shit	surprise
i did	yeah
i love it	thanks
okay okay	help
no	maria
exactly	wait wait
mike joe	welcome
no	okay
hey	get out
drinking	a lot
mr castle	frank
what is it	piercings
piercings	piercings
whoa	what
what	what
oh so true	so true
huh huh	no
not much	well
hey	move it
vlki	good day
not really	no
deactivate	let him go
oh wow	all right
play	on
on	run
hand	wrist
oh my god	a lung
in packs	i see
nanites	yes
call base	bergin
this vlki	no
for him	you
hey	move it
vlki	good day
not really	no
deactivate	let him go
oh wow	all right
hey	hey
really	okay
v i k i	good day
they are	difficult
secrets	dreams
dreams	secrets
okay	all right
on	run
i didn t	understand
hand	wrist
one two	three ribs
oh my god	a lung
in packs	i see
hey	hey
really	okay
v i k i	good day
they are	difficult
secrets	dreams
dreams	secrets
nam	nam
nam	nam
nam	nam
they who	the people
what	the funnel
the funnel	5 days
5 days	the funnel
find whom	the boy
you	turn away
six	no seven
we do	ok
women	women
rape	rape
john	yes
it s here	come on
gunfire	yelling
exquisite	give what
huh	grunts
landlady	landlady
boss	boss
i will	go on
tougher	tougher
soldiers	boy scouts
boy scouts	tanks
tanks	no worries
harder	harder
bad guys	yes
kudo	go
i refuse	deunan
hitomi	hitomi
get it	no get off
hey hey no	oh my god
peyton	terri
oh yeah	ten points
damn it	hold it
no	not them
not them	them
fight him	no
it s a pen	you see
you see	you try
that s it	pen
my name	my name
my name	is alice
get it	no get off
inside	inside
hey hey no	oh my god
peyton	terri
oh yeah	ten points
damn it	hold it
no	not them
not them	them
fight him	no
no	no
it s a pen	you see
you see	you try
that s it	pen
my name	my name
my name	is alice
got a name	yeah
yeah then	nice work
no no no	hey wait
five bucks	make it 10
got a name	yeah
yeah then	nice work
no no no	hey wait
sam	sam
i know	i love you
hey	hey
yeah sure	thanks
professor	thank you
jack	thanks
gentlemen	to england
to england	to mankind
one one	two two
oh god	jack
jack	jack
i m okay	i m okay
one one	two two
oh god	jack
one one	two two
oh god	jack
one one	two two
oh god	jack
i m okay	i m okay
thanks	help
yeah	stay down
don t	don t
help	help
hey	hey
no i don t	the chief
hey jens	well
no	no
no	no
gary no	i m sorry
here we go	and go
fuck yeah	fuck yeah
no no	no
gary	an infidel
an infidel	get up
gary no	i am sorry
oh my god	no
attack	sarah
i am so	lonely
lonely	so lonely
here we go	and go
oh no	no no
no	no
no	no
america	america
gary no	i m sorry
and so	i m ronery
here we go	and go
qapla	qapla
fuck yeah	fuck yeah
fuck yeah	america
america	america
and so	i m ronery
gennady	slav glrl
one	two
one	two
fight	fight me
fight me	you coward
you coward	fight me
forward	forward
don t go	rope
burn troy	burn troy
paris	paris
go	you must
you must	no
find peace	my brother
achilles	achilles
my king	she left
look	he s grown
aphareus	haemon
wait	wait
get up	come on
fight	fight me
fight me	you coward
you coward	fight me
forward	forward
don t go	rope
burn troy	burn troy
paris	paris
go	you must
you must	no
find peace	my brother
come on	here here
i m sorry	my friend
my friend	you can go
hi	hey pete
oh well	so
what	nothing
yes	i mean no
you hungry	starved
something	in my head
parker	parker
no more	no more
i am glad	i am glad
i am glad	i am glad
i am glad	to hear it
jack hey	jack
run	get them
jack	wait
wait	come on
no what	never mind
wait	what
sorry	let s go
maggie	don t
as ordered	wait
go hurry	go
jack	william
ok soo	ok soo
jack hey	jack
run	get them
jack	wait
wait	come on
no what	never mind
wait	what
sorry	let s go
maggie	don t
as ordered	wait
go hurry	go
jack	william
ok soo	ok soo
chernobyl	fukoooov
ok	fine
hey wasim	hey
deal deal	respect
wasim	come here
it s me	well
come here	come on
elizabeth	you okay
spooner	spooner
sean	sean
the dates	1 867 69
williams	castle
castle	wayne
come on	damn it
damn it	come on
come on	come on
elizabeth	nick
nick	elizabeth
elizabeth	elizabeth
elizabeth	come on
no	no come on
beeman	sulfur
sulfur	beeman
but i lied	i said
understand	yeah
john	on is fine
wait here	men
even rain	maybe if
i m okay	sure
get it out	get it
no	it isn t
gabriel	figures
hello john	john hello
the sister	isabel
rules	hide it
beeman	sulfur
but i lied	i said
understand	yeah
john	on is fine
it was his	rolling
wait here	men
even rain	maybe if
get it out	get it
no	it isn t
gabriel	figures
hello john	john hello
the sister	isabel
rules	hide it
manuel	manuel
you do	from me
a few days	okay
no nope	nope
oh rules	father
father	david
please	i m sorry
dodson	hello
hello	hello
spooky	balthazar
yeah why	duck
relax man	slow down
what	how
yeah	how long
how long	two weeks
two weeks	this time
ow man	come on
yes	let s go
uh	a hundred
aw aw fuck	aw fuck
iris iris	groaning
oh shit	grunting
fuck	fuck
yes	let s go
grunting	groaning
aw aw fuck	aw fuck
ow man	come on
fuck	fuck
yes	let s go
aw aw fuck	aw fuck
spain	madrid
madrid	america
america	washington
washington	brasil
napoleon	mona lisa
why	i lied
this one	yes
clearly	that s it
wait	don t run
for nobody	let him go
oome here	everyone
everyone	don t move
pierrestop	we know
kirigi	yes father
yes father	patience
did it	elektra
gasps	whoa
great	i m abby
i m abby	elektra
now	go abby
no grunts	ohh
yeah	why
yeah	lowing
yeah what	come on
gasping	screams
kirigi	yes father
yes father	patience
did it	elektra
gasps	whoa
great	i m abby
i m abby	elektra
now	go abby
dad	go
no grunts	ohh
yeah	why
yeah	lowing
yeah what	come on
abby no	let me go
gasping	screams
kirigi	yes father
yes father	patience
did it	elektra
great	i m abby
now	go abby
no	ohh
damn it	get back
yeah	why
yeah what	come on
oh hey oof	crashing
roaring	crashing
roaring	car
hero	ho hero
no no	no
grunts	i m
any powers	whatsoever
whatsoever	there are
there are	like who
yes	uh yeah um
now you go	go
go	go
go	go
go	go
yeah	grunts
cheering	yeah will
grunting	screaming
will	no guys
set	battle
save me	save me
save me	save me
come on	save me
save me	save me
cheering	heroes win
will will	whoo
oh	you will
you will	me
bye will	bye
ok better	what oh no
whoa hey	sorry
grunting	screeching
whimpering	whoa
beeping	uh oh
screaming	oh no
60	30
fuck	sean
sean	sean
amanda	amanda
hey hey	door
you cold	no
jennifer	please
ok you too	wait
yeah	you too
dennis	dennis
oh yeah	yeah
no no	no
no	shit
shit	shit shit
oh jesus	no
60	30
fuck	sean
sean	sean
amanda	amanda
hey hey	door
you cold	no
jennifer	please
ok you too	wait
yeah	you too
dennis	dennis
oh yeah	yeah
no no	no
no	shit
shit	shit shit
oh jesus	no
rourk	give it up
gas	saw
saw	gloves
gloves	cuffs
cuffs	razor wire
razor wire	hatchet
hatchet	gladys
always	and never
no chance	this is it
shut up	chuckles
hey	hey
hey	guys
always	and never
sure i can	screams
shrieks	groans
alone	your wife
yeah	what
don t be	i m glad
rourk	give it up
gas	saw
saw	gloves
gloves	cuffs
cuffs	razor wire
razor wire	hatchet
hatchet	gladys
always	and never
don t be	i m glad
no chance	this is it
rourk	give it up
gas	saw
saw	gloves
gloves	cuffs
cuffs	razor wire
razor wire	hatchet
hatchet	gladys
bendis	bendis
now die	oh no god
oh my god	oh
julia	julia
yeah	daddy too
now listen	listen
touch	go move
i m	i m sorry
not yet	almost
easy now	easy boys
ready aim	fire
easy now	easy boys
ready aim	fire
loading	stand by
no	drive
fucker	yeah
maybe	oh god
yeah tony	i am alva
a shitload	yeah
it s cool	it s cool
no	you do
you do	excuse me
i ve done	murder
leave it	my lord
jesus says	decide
and i am	the king
the wool	the musk
dr carmack	dr carmack
dr carmack	dr carmack
five	four
four	three
three	two
two	one
man down	man down
mac	mac
mac	mac
go to hell	no
no	holy shit
dr carmack	dr carmack
dr carmack	dr carmack
five	four
four	three
three	two
two	one
man down	man down
mac	mac
mac	mac
go to hell	no
no	holy shit
wait	wait
snarling	screaming
screaming	screaming
destroyer	come in
laughing	screaming
hmm	screaming
four three	two one
please	help us
let s go	groaning
wait	wait
growling	gun firing
grunting	groaning
grunting	groaning
groaning	grunting
five	four three
four three	two one
two one	screaming
go bo go	luke watch
well	hi dukes
hi	well now
luke	luke
why	why what
say it but	stopper
my god	jesus
no wait	no vi
you okay	i think so
vitaly	vit
cocaine	v
hello ava	hi baby
a used gun	laughs
enjoy	laughs
uh	i can t
why	why what
why what	why
no nothing	nothing
nothing	i love you
yuri orlov	ow fuck
trade	trade
trade	traffic
no	no
not now	now
enjoy it	what this
handler	aeon
handler	aeon
ready	always
oren	no
handler	sithandra
yes yes	yes
it s her	yes
i m sorry	i am too
bye sam	hey sam
get down	memo
no	groaning
screaming	growling
growling	screaming
screaming	thudding
growling	panting
get off	grunting
grunting	get it off
get it off	screaming
grunting	there
jack	run
run	roaring
gasping	jack jack
not yet	carl wait
carl wait	wait
heave	please
please	no stop
no stop	jack
let me go	cast off
go back	roaring
screaming	jack no
ready	what am i
thank you	thank you
thank you	thank you
explosions	fire
roaring	gasping
no	no
please no	no
you are so	beautiful
what is it	nothing
sit down	leave us
you know	don t you
i agree	i i
myself	your move
your move	you fool
thank you	my master
you are so	beautiful
me	a master
what is it	nothing
sit down	leave us
you know	don t you
i agree	i i
myself	your move
your move	you fool
victory	victory
family	no family
yes master	from today
yes	how come
slowly	hold up
where us	i ignore
i ignore	that anna
hold up	yes
let walke	let
see goodly	quicker
boss	die
nachi	i
yukimura	father
ben	look
perfect	thanks
i m coming	hold on
anger	rage
ben wait	what
ben	look
perfect	thanks
i m coming	hold on
anger	rage
ben wait	what
robbie	robbie
move back	move back
hello	ray
please	please
mom	mom mom
mom mom	mom
mom	mom tim
mom mom	tim tim
tim tim	tim
tim	mom
food	bread
since when	birth
ray dad	ray dad
hold on	look out
thud	bruce
tiger	jujitsu
it s okay	come here
hey	good news
so do l	yeah
begged	like a dog
did it	in a way
man what	what the
here	screams
missing	yeah
he s here	man 1 who
man 1 who	the batman
tiger	jujitsu
it s okay	come here
hey	good news
so do i	yeah
begged	like a dog
did it	in a way
what	what the
missing	yeah
thank you	bruce
he s here	who
who	the batman
everyone	everybody
never	down
off road	downhill
five	four
four	three
three	two
takumi	takum
takum	takum
tofuman	tofuman
what is it	nothing
i dunno	you dunno
thats him	got it
not bad	im glad
who	you
you	go ahead
go to hell	bastard
hello	hello
hello	its me
its me	whats up
for you	no need
five	four
four	three
three	two
two	one
one	go
is he ok	forget him
i said no	no
my god	my god
do it now	get away
1 5 1 4	13 1 2
13 1 2	11 10
i said no	no
i can	i cannot
my god	my god
do it now	get away
y i 15 14	y i 13 12
y i 13 12	y i 11 10
i said no	no
my god	my god
do it now	get away
thank you	we re full
sir	yeah you
well it s	it s just
hey hello	hi
what dude	dude
what	move move
no	stop it
let s go	go go go
go go go	go
tough day	let s roll
go in	i can t
yeah	but after
aye aye	aye
thank you	we re full
sir	yeah you
well it s	it s just
hey hello	hi
what dude	dude
what	move move
no	stop it
we will be	i love you
salvation	damnation
shoot him	let him be
blanca	blanca
talk to me	please
i know	i promise
orbis unum	orbis unum
gentlemen	the future
you	papi
your wife	your son
come on	yeah
hey	charlie
charlie	shit
hello	hello
no	look
yes	growling
growling	foxy
laughing	coughing
coughing	screaming
screaming	grunting
groaning	grunting
growls	groaning
thanks	gun fires
no	rumbling
good eye	shushing
shushing	hey
hey	charlie
charlie	shit
shit	screams
oh god	screeches
shushing	what
screaming	screaming
hello	hello
no	look
screaming	gun firing
tough	exciting
hyah	max
i	ouch
whoa	ploop
cuckoo	cuckoos
duck	quacks
crunching	train horn
yes	he works
gasps	ahh
sorry max	arghl
arghl	ow ohh
ow	huh
aaa tchoo	aarghh
i do	i do
wake up	what
snarls	hey
hey	watts up
watts up	what
creaking	hurry
hurry	no
max	i am light
i am light	thank you
sizzling	ouch
aaarhhl	help
uh oh	aaargghhl
hyah	max
l	ouch
whoa	ploop
cuckoo	cuckoos
duck	quacks
crunching	train horn
yes	he works
gasps	ahh
sorry max	argh
argh	ow ohh
ow	huh
aaa tchoo	aarghh
i do	i do
wake up	what
snarls	hey
hey	watts up
watts up	what
creaking	hurry
hurry	no
max	i am light
i am light	thank you
sizzling	ouch
aaarhh	help
uh oh	aaargghh
william	markus
no	i go alone
please	i help him
his slaves	yes
vampires	mortal
please	feels
yes	well a was
expect	junk
matthew	matthew
matt	matt
papa	papa papa
he	made me
made me	miss
you	let s play
daredevil	kingpin
goodbye	goodbye
yes albany	where
where	albany
lana	gil
lana	lana
what	a baby boy
a baby boy	a boy
a boy	yes
yes	a baby boy
a baby boy	sure
gil	go away
lana	gil
barney	barney
joe did he	he did not
lana	lana
come on	what is it
laughing	quiet
23rd	1 940
uh	hope
hope	is the
is the	mother
mother	of all
of all	men
of all men	swell
yeah	sit down
coffman	coffman
coffman	coffman
crying	okay okay
johnson	yes sir
hello	sir
anderson	yes sir
out	okay
willie	okay
hold them	all right
water	water
sure yeah	i
pipe	pipe
anderson	yes sir
andy	andy
andy	andy
yes sir	texas
lieutenant	beat it
or worse	knocking
my father	my son
hail	forward
screaming	look look
rumbling	screaming
yes	all right
hi hilts	hey mac
yes	no
roger	good luck
willie	willie
76	76 76
the alps	splendid
hello	hello
resistance	resistance
good luck	thank you
how many	50
thank you	ladies
dave	stop
i m	afraid
i m half	crazy
thank you	ladies
help	help
barbarella	barbarella
be careful	oh pygar
good	this way
stop	open it
fall back	fall back
duet sir	duet
i love you	a b c d
indians	help help
jeremy	hillary
hillary	boob
boob	ph d who
john	paul
three two	two
two	one one
billy	shears
one	two
two	three
three	four
five	six
a	b
b	c
c	d
e	f
f	g h i j
4 99	right
sure	you got it
oh yeah	go right
nice wife	nice kid
how was it	great
don t	don t
squeal	squeal
louder	louder
louder	louder
the law	the law
the law	what law
no go on	what is it
telephone	yes sir
you too	over there
come on	julot
what	the heat
am i clear	no
money	for what
for what	escape
escape	very good
next	move
hey sarge	sarge
i m jo jo	papillon
well then	what is it
i m trying	i m trying
what	a present
a present	let s go
knights	forward
yes	yes
like what	well
amen	amen
amen	right
mark mark	prot
it s okay	prot
iceland	you know
like	nothing
uh	i see
i see	casket
russell	yes
oh my god	oh my god
sarah	sarah
hai	hai
teki	hmm
anjin san	anjin san
anjin san	ji jirobei
methuselah	please
is this so	yes
before god	of course
gunrunners	usurers
dozo	thank you
domo	denkides
water	mizu
mizu	yeah
wife no	who is she
anjin	anjin san
damn	stolen
yes	everything
you did	me
yes dear	aren t you
finished	yes
no	why not
trust me	trust
of course	eloise
you may	thank you
thank you	bye ma am
chief	excuse me
dance	come on
i reckon	reckon
peanuts	coca cola
i will	howdy pard
come on	she s back
it s mouth	hey mikey
hey mikey	yo mikey
come on	do it
do it	come on
come on	do it
and ever	trapped
trapped	wow
pizza	shh
everything	everything
everything	everything
andy	you goonie
sir	oh oh
chunk	sloth
screamlng	laughlng
huh	oh sorry
me me	me me
me me	me
wow	gnarly
oh my god	oh god
fall	break
break	fall
screams	sloth help
sloth help	ma
hey mikey	hey
no sign	don t sign
bye willy	thanks
it s mouth	hey mikey
hey mikey	yo mikey
jerk alert	it s chunk
come on	do it
do it	come on
come on	do it
and ever	trapped
pizza	pepperoni
everything	everything
andy	you goonie
chunk	sloth
me me	me me
me me	me
wow	gnarly
go go	oh my god
oh my god	it s willy
fall	break
break	fall
no sign	don t sign
guess what	what
veer left	left left
guess what	what
veer left	left left
read	read now
kill what	cu ilagen
i didn t	you didn t
hey	hey here
phoenix	tian yang
how much	how much
this one	this one
macd s	macd s
papa	mama
here	eat
quick	okay stop
okay stop	new season
no	no
wait	for what
is it safe	safe
sorry	phoenix
i didn t	gene
welcome	welcome
buffalo	buffalo
sugar	put in
okay	yeah
yes you do	i can t
heilo	you
you	here
he	kick
kick	kick
kick	more
more	more kick
a holy man	holy man
stand up	stands
fist	yes
dunbar	dun
dun	bar
big	big
no you	my hat
what	trouble
chuckling	sighs
jim	chuckling
clinking	gasping
gasping	oh god no
grunts	grunts
booster go	retro go
vibrating	fuel pumps
13 12 11	ten nine
right	well
ken	ken
well done	sighs
freddo	you okay
go on here	move it
boss	there
silence	you glub
search her	what is it
one	you asleep
don t know	find work
find work	house
what floor	3rd
the ears	ok thanks
forget it	so long
chosen one	how much
how much	100 000
anna	you asleep
is that so	the creep
shaddup	ok
campana	mine too
i dunno	go see
shut up	i hate it
well	no saliva
no saliva	try
bizet	berlioz
all borg	how
ready sir	fire
hello	hey
deanna	deanna
yes	husband no
husband no	good
captain	data
follow me	slow
lf i say	i love you
excuse me	whaa
ooh	aah
yaaaah	aah hey
go on	jeez
hawk	aah
active	main bus
main bus	ready
ten nine	eight
three	two
two	one
one	mark
data go	no
aah	whoa
captain	data
ooby dooby	no no
no no	ooby dooby
balloons	from fire
from fire	likely
likely	lyekka
lyekka	stan
yes i can	kai
kai	yes
let s go	where
where	out
clever	brilliant
brilliant	insightful
insightful	genius
genius	stupid
wonderful	satisfying
satisfying	exciting
exciting	inevitable
inevitable	evil
oooo	no
the most	witty
a test	a contest
a contest	a battle
a defeat	a defeat
her	no
no	9 8 7
no kai	no kai
oh no no	look
you again	me again
six seven	eight nine
eight nine	ten eleven
yeah	grunting
gee	water
thudding	z yes
let s go	door slams
panting	sighs
oof aa aah	aa aa aah
weaver	where s z
oh no	when
until now	both laugh
car horn	car skids
car skids	crash
hello	rose
rose	dad dad
ok dad	chuckles
now shoo	dad
uh bye dad	bye dad
bye dad	tone
no no	hi verlyn
wonderful	he s there
lonely	but funny
whosehouse	runshouse
she said	bethany
jay	biggie
dont	anybody
anybody	no
what	oh nothing
come on	thats it
the muse	oh no way
weil see	muse
but now	this
lonely	but funny
whosehouse	runshouse
she said	bethany
jay	biggie
dont	anybody
anybody	no
what	oh nothing
come on	thats it
the muse	oh no way
weil see	muse
but now	this
when	when
karma	pasang
father	tinle
there	father
okay alvin	alvin
alvin	okay
iggy pop	amen
honest	unmerciful
wow	he s so
please	okay
kisses	mwah daddy
mornin ed	charlie
a rope	shovel
it s me	milky
ok	thanks
tell me	how was
irene what	oh my god
thank you	well
bobby	bobby
bobby	no
who s that	ol ben no
sorry	no problem
no problem	hi
hi	hello
wife	kids
one s on	fish on
come on	come on
cool	wait wait
sandy	hold on
hold on	i got you
grab it	bugsy
get ready	come on
and then	we pray
wait	wait
wait	wait
hold on	pull
jonesy	jonesy
billy	bobby
bobby	and murph
and murph	bugsy
bugsy	sully
sleep well	good night
hold still	sit sit
yuki	yuki
go on	sure okay
help mama	hurry
daddy	now what
find her	find her
no wait	it s just
with that	stay back
whoa sorry	oh hi hi
fire	thereyougo
yeah	yes
yeah	dr wilson
laughs	i know
i know	i know
wilson	wilson
wilson	wilson
so we okay	okay
wilson	wilson
wilson	i m comin
wilson	i m sorry
i m sorry	wilson
wilson	wilson
katie	katie
chuck	chuck
i knew	somehow
whistles	fedex
fuck	fuck
like how	like this
aaah	no no no
cow moos	yeah
for i do	for l
even sheep	of course
wait no	aaah unhh
no go	fuck
unh unh	bong
farts	buzzes
is that	sighs
stage dive	ohh
thud	squeaking
dude whoa	shit
very good	exhales
exhales	yaaah
oh fuck me	aah
ben gus	i m busy
ready	1 2 3
thunder	aah
together	oh ok
aah	my god
my god	ohh
uhh	not good
oh fuck me	ha ha
aah	screaming
yeah	screaming
hyah	both aah
hello	truce
truce	panting
what here	laughs
know you	i said i
huhh	mmm
yeah	whoo
aw cool	inhaling
unh unh	a e l o u
fuck	fuck
ja y right	my bad
like how	like this
aaah	no no no
cow moos	yeah
for i do	for l
even sheep	of course
wait no	aaah unhh
no go	fuck
unh unh	bong
farts	buzzes
ls that	sighs
stage dive	ohh
thud	squeaking
dude whoa	shit
very good	exhales
exhales	yaaah
oh fuck me	aah
ben gus	i m busy
ready	1 2 3
thunder	aah
together	oh ok
aah	my god
my god	ohh
uhh	not good
oh fuck me	ha ha
aah	screaming
yeah	screaming
hyah	both aah
hello	truce
truce	panting
what here	laughs
know you	i said i
huhh	mmm
yeah	whoo
aw cool	lnhaling
unh unh	a e l o u
thanks	anytime
better be	gryffindor
up	up
up	up
move over	alohomora
alohomora	get in
is that	a dragon
malfoy	oh dear
strange	alohomora
you liar	kill him
alas	earwax
50 points	good job
what	anything
anything	hurry up
mom	dad
malfoy	oh dear
no ron no	what is it
never	bravery
you liar	get him
chihiro	chihiro
mustard	thank you
i m scared	be calm
um	excuse me
lin	yes
signed it	yes
yes	your name
your name	what
go sen	yes sir
um lin	what
awful	our food
lin	you ok
heave	and heave
and heave	and heave
and heave	and heave
now heave	and heave
victory	victory
a parisi	silence
car horns	crash
hey	oh f
oh f	ooh
mmm good	door opens
shh	sit down
screams	please
um	uh uh
uh uh	look
hyah hyah	hyah
fuck	fuck
horn	hey
go go	go out
sleep well	yeah you
thank you	excuse me
no	please no
never	never
huh	spanish
hey	oh f
oh f	ooh
oh shit	oh shit
mmm good	door opens
um	uh uh
uh uh	look
fuck	fuck
fuck	panting
horn honks	hey
continues	uh well
thank you	excuse me
excuse me	i got it
sobs	no
no	please no
never	never
whistles	huh
huh	ow
huh	spanish
hey	oh f
oh shit	oh shit
mmm good	dooropens
um	uh uh
fuck	fuck
fuck	panting
horn honks	hey
continues	uh well
urinating	urinating
thankyou	excuse me
excuse me	i got it
sobs	no
no	please no
never	never
whistles	huh
huh	ow
oh gasps	grunts
thank you	for what
not cold	not hunger
applause	cheering
gasping	grunts
murdered	it s true
bird coos	boy coughs
boy coughs	some water
froderick	froderick
try	creaking
creaking	groans
to london	hyah
hyah	hyah hyah
arrowflies	gasps
panting	no
hold this	grunts
stay there	stay
creaking	yelling
go	hyah
over here	over here
it s you	rock
thanks	take care
duke red	yeah
got it	where
me	why
ken ichi	ken ichi
ken ichi	ken ichi
tima	come back
ken ichi	ken ichi
ken ichi	grab on
grab on	i am who
please	jinkies
fred now	hurry up
thanks	i quit
do i quit	no scoob
hello	sorry
melvin doo	no scooby
i see	fine
thank you	nice mask
nice mask	bad breath
velma	come on
no bikes	scoob
okay	scooby doo
i m free	look at me
look at me	get him
please	jinkies
fred now	hurry up
thanks	i quit
do i quit	no scoob
hello	sorry
melvin doo	no scooby
i see	fine
thank you	nice mask
nice mask	bad breath
velma	come on
no bikes	scoob
okay	scooby doo
i m free	look at me
look at me	get him
grrr	laughs
my country	down south
no	daisy
follow me	come along
knocklng	bell rlngs
come on	you coming
here	take it
hurry up	now now
now now	bell rlngs
shh shh	shh
jigalong	jigalong
now get	go on
that way	that fence
bunnawarra	yalgoo
come on	come on
mullewa	west
yeah	800 miles
come on	let s go
hey	gotcha
yours etc	thank you
growls	laughter
laughs	frankie
hurry up	braying
no come on	screaming
screaming	no
no	screaming
sobbing	sobs
sobs	no
no	no sobbing
gasps	a ghost
follow me	come along
door opens	come along
thud	rattling
come on	you coming
here	keep still
here	take it
thank you	no
no	thank you
thank you	good boy
good boy	whispering
come on	quick
quick	come on
water laps	clank
neighs	chuckling
thank you	goodbye
goodbye	sighs
snorts	splashing
jigalong	jigalong
rustling	rattling
now get	go on
rattles	panting
yes	bunnawarra
bunnawarra	yalgoo
come on	come on
mullewa	west
hmm	800 miles
sobbing	don t go
come on	let s go
you got em	giggles
giggles	three
hey	got you
panting	giggles
i lost one	sniffles
my country	down south
no	daisy
follow me	come along
come on	you coming
here	take it
hurry up	now now
shh shh	shh
jigalong	jigalong
now get	go on
that way	that fence
bunnawarra	yalgoo
come on	come on
mullewa	west
yeah	800 miles
home	mavis
come on	let s go
hey	gotcha
yours etc	thank you
come	come on
no please	harry
harry	hagrid
oh	now ladies
what	sorry
sorry	that voice
that voice	voice
a month	a month
hello	dobby
hagrid	relax
good	cool
harry	ron
riddle	up
no sir	nothing
well	if
come on	what
harry	what
now	come on
all right	let s go
let s go	oh harry
no	really eh
tom	tom riddle
stop	no
ginny	harry
harry	it was me
it was me	i swear
harry why	because
by means	of this
mr malfoy	mr malfoy
come dobby	open it
open it	dobby
thank you	hello
hello	hermione
sorry	i am late
kill	kill
kill	kill
harry	professor
no sir	nothing
harry	ron
my name	is harry
can you	tell me
riddle	come
aragog	aragog
hello	hello
well	lf
come on	what
and	second
yes	and
and	who was it
mr malfoy	mr malfoy
come dobby	open it
right	whatever
thanks	all right
bye bye	baby
whatever	excuse me
i liked it	really
im fine	im okay
go my way	yeah
i m good	i m in
yeah	we re rich
i m good	i m in
yeah	we re rich
gold	the gold
shit	greer
epps	come on
no	come on no
come on no	come on
im good	im in
yeah	were rich
gold	the gold
shit	greer
epps	come on
no	come on no
come on no	come on
to jack	go on tom
go on then	what
stop it	what
i m trying	ooh ooh
ooh ooh	oh
oh	thank you
mm	my father
no sir	it isn t
no sir	ethne did
yes	why
savage	stop it
have you	no
five men	wait
ten men	this
well	i just
hyah	whoa
hyah hyah	mr trench
mr trench	william
you filthy	sir
n no	yes
yes	of course
of course	let s rock
ugh	ugh
okay	wait
last touch	hup hup
me	pow
uh huh	oh
ki	joking
joking	thank you
thank you	yes ma am
hi	oh hey
oh hey	hello
hello	champagne
alexandra	yes
woman whoa	ohh
ugh aah	yaah
pull pull	whoa
whoa	whoa whoa
whoa whoa	whoa whoa
hyah ugh	ugh
ugh	aah ow
aah ow	hoo hoo
ugh ugh	ugh ugh
ugh ugh	come here
cake	6 o clock
uh uh ow	gimme that
who	who
who	what
what	when
when	where
hello	yes
good luck	you too
you too	stay close
ugh ohh	ugh
mexico	of course
of course	hmm
juni	juni
good idea	all right
yes	ouch
what	listen
ohh aah	aah
aah	all right
all right	now what
aah aah	aah aah
aah aah	aah aah
ugh	ohh
ugh ugh	ugh ugh
ugh ugh	ugh oh
ugh oh	ah volcano
aah	juni
aah	ohh
okay ohh	aah ugh
aah ugh	oh aah
aah aah	juni
juni	what
what	i m sorry
whoa	waah
waah	aah
horse fly	uh huh
bull frog	uh
uh	slizzards
oh oh aah	whoa
oh	n n no
n n no	aah aah no
until	now
ugh got it	uh mom
slizzards	oh no
ee ee ee	ooh uh
ooh uh	juni
juni	juni
why	trust me
trust me	aaah
aaah	jump now
sorry	okay
ow ugh	ah
ah	ow
ah ah	ah ugh
ah ugh	aah
uh	uh uh
uh uh	uh
ohhh	oh oh
what	come on
aaaah	carmen
juni	ugh
ugh	help me
help me	huh
huh	ugh
ugh	ugh
ugh	ugh
ugh	ooh ooh
ooh ooh	whah
whah	ugh ooh
ugh ooh	ugh ugh
ugh ugh	oh no
ugh	ugh
ugh uh	uh
uh	ugh uh ugh
oh	juni
juni	carmen
ugh	ah ooh
wait	ah
carmen	carmen
uh ahh	uh ahh
oh	mm hmm
uh	aah aah
aah aah	uh
whoa	whoa
whoa	whoa
whoa	whoa whoa
whoa whoa	look out
look out	aah
ohh	ohh oh uh
ohh oh uh	uh uh
uh uh	uh
uh hey	uh
ohh	okay
okay	all right
cortezes	uh
hey	brat
brat	come on
whoa	aah uhh
come on	grandpa
grandpa	ah juni
ah	huh huh oh
aah uh	headbutt
headbutt	uh uh
uh uh	ohh ohh
ohh ohh	ohh uh uhh
ohh uh uhh	oh
oh	uhh
ahh	ohh ahh
yeah	aah aah
aah aah	uhh uhh
uh	suplex
suplex	uhh ohh uh
uhh ohh uh	uhh
uhh	uhh uhh
uhh uhh	oh
uhh uh	uhhhhhh
do	are they
level one	no thanks
never	wait
wait	uh
dreams	dreams
who	what
what	when
when	dreams
dreams	where
where	huh
huh	when
when	and why
ready	yeah but
stop	okay
you ready	theme park
uhh	whoa
really	i m flying
now	now
sede what	shut up
ok	good job
good job	practise
really	i m flying
bon apptit	now
we did it	what
sid what	shut up
ok	good job
sid	good bye
diego	you re ok
really	i m flying
bon apptit	now
now	now
we did it	what
sid what	shut up
ok	good job
really	i m flying
now	now
sede what	shut up
ok	good job
good job	practise
climb upon	march
now please	drive
you yelena	mr gibbons
ron	wheeler
go	twist
twist	king brown
crikey	duck
brozzie	brozzie
ron	wheeler
go	twist
twist	king brown
crikey	duck
brozzie	brozzie
really	like this
like this	that s it
eliza	eliza
hey guys	it s eliza
yeah	me first
oh oh	eliza
i promise	good girl
i remember	come
darwin no	oh
aye yi yi	come on
tally	tally
fine	shh
help	help
donnie	donnie
donnie	donnie
debbie no	uh wha
oh man	oh hello
donnie	donnie
uh hi	thanks
oh	mom dad
they only	oh no
delicious	oh
oh	thank you
thank you	my soda
bye bye	bye boko
bye boko	oh
whoo	hi again
he s	donnie
tally	huh
eliza	oh tally
oh tally	oh
it was you	yes
i guessed	perhaps
hi	hi
hey	debbie
debbie	debbie
debbie	boko
eliza	stop wait
debbie	boko
well	yeah
yeah	i knew it
debbie	boko
you are	really
mom dad	eliza
eliza	poppet
yeah	oh please
oh please	keep it
keep it	you know
you know	friend
friend	friend
safe	yeah
ma	tally
tally	tally
some day	me too
not yet	why not
yes	i d say so
it s been	abandoned
a boy	no
find her	how
watch it	hey
dumped	left
father	police
gin	calm down
hana	mother
mother	hana
i m sorry	i m sorry
i m sorry	i m sorry
hey	miss hana
miss hana	hey
hey	hana
hey you	no
hana	miyuki
hey	wait
get closer	i can t
pass her	we il die
we il die	step on it
step on it	okay
stay away	no
oh no	hana
hana	i m okay
come in	excuse us
shh	mm yes
wit	snoring
gasps	barking
whining	gasps
shh	one two
i got you	gasps
ha	gasps
grunting	panting
barking	chattering
chattering	chuckling
chuckling	laughing
mary mary	mary
grunting	snoring
devil bird	sighing
watch this	whoa ho ho
fire	screaming
timber	both whoa
ready aim	gasps fire
gasps fire	bye bye
bye bye	three two
three two	one
one	all gasp
she is	dead
dead	tragic
screams	both grunt
peter	father
humming	laughing
mineral no	animal yes
teddy	groans
no	ready
ready	fire
you	gasps
chattering	wendy
hook	love
wendy	wendy
bravo	bravissimo
bye bye	chattering
snickering	mumbling
huh	ticking
old	and alone
me forget	never
yoo hoo	huh
uncle hub	uncle hub
she lied	again
whew	due to the
psst	little boy
stop stop	attack him
here i am	here i am
oh hh	ohh ohh
no	whoop oh
whoop oh	shh quiet
uncle hub	uncle hub
she lied	again
whew	due to the
psst	little boy
here i am	here i am
oh hh	ohh ohh
no	whoop oh
uncle hub	uncle hub
she lied	again
whew	due to the
psst	little boy
here i am	here i am
oh hh	ohh ohh
no	whoop oh
fiji fiji	kale
just a bit	aw y
proteus	whoa
sinbad	oh ooh
oh ooh	sinbad
i do	really
sinbad	you my
you my	my ship
hey	hey hey
run	fall back
whoo	woo hoo
look out	sinbad
sinbad	proteus
eris	what
fiji fiji	kale book
kale book	proteus
yes	well good
fiji	yup
what	sinbad
no beaches	rat
sinbad	jin
jin	li
oh	who s bad
who s bad	sin bad
sin bad	ah men
my darling	rat
rat	i love you
spike	get sinbad
uh	uh
kale	kale
kale	whoa
kale	got it
ha ha	wait
um ropes	uh no
let s go	no
no	oh oh
whew	come on
we re dead	what is it
come on	pull
it worked	sinbad
sinbad	you did it
you	yeah
no	proteus
oh rat	what
oh spike	spike
spike	spike down
whoa	yelling
yelling	aah yeah
aah yeah	groans
snoring	whimpers
grunts	conrad
conrad	conrad
screams	laughing
whimpering	oh
oh	tap it
ooh	screaming
yelling	grunting
not here	wheezes
four	chortling
burps ohh	good bread
oh my cod	ohh aah
whoa crash	chortling
sighs	groaning
candy	growls
growls	both no
whooping	chattering
cat	screaming
suzy	cromwell
cromwell	please
please	both out
conrad	sally
chuckles	uh oh
sneezes	groaning
whoo	chortling
audrey	i m okay
castlegard	clear
chris	look son
come on	come on
these	these
oh my god	oh my god
kate	marek hey
oh my god	don t look
professor	professor
professor	kate yeah
ok go	oh shit
come on	go inside
oh no	no
kate no	kate
castlegard	clear
chris	look son
come on	come on
these	these
oh my god	oh my god
kate	marek hey
oh my god	don t look
professor	kate yeah
ok go	oh shit
come on	go inside
oh no	no
kate no	kate
over here	marek
laughter	rattling
sniffs	oh jeez oh
the fourth	yeah
huh	no mr sir
understand	here
hmm	no mr sir
you too	grunts
grunting	oh god
oh god	grunting
oh god	sighs
aah	gunshot
gunshot	gasps
laughter	gunshot
grunts	watch it
what	caveman
laughter	no
i cry	but i heal
but i heal	heal
sam	sam
sam	gunshot
gunshot	sam
sam	sobs
sighs	listen up
gun cocks	gunshot
the end	chuckles
yes mr sir	good
yeah	that s it
six five	four three
groans	groaning
he s dead	let s go
let s go	gasping
hail nero	hail nero
hail nero	hail nero
hail nero	hail nero
hail nero	hail nero
hail nero	hail nero
sword	kick it
drop it	move move
mom harold	donkey
stop	look
oh god oh	no
what	oh
thanks	uhh
aahh	oh
yeah	well
but	i love her
shrek	senor
come on	look out
look out	be good
aww	on guard
catch	donkey
woo	ha
is he yup	he croaked
harold	dad
mom harold	donkey
stop	look
oh god oh	no
what	oh
thanks	uhh
aahh	oh
yeah	well
but	i love her
shrek	senor
come on	look out
look out	be good
aww	on guard
catch	donkey
woo	ha
ls he yup	he croaked
harold	dad
good bye	wait wait
done	done
come on	oh shit
hello	hello
no	we re not
mitchell	you okay
what is it	tell me
which way	over here
cole	tran
oh my god	go
tie him up	now
no no no	no
words	words
help me	shaggy
like here	what is it
scoob	clues
run shaggy	let s go
gotcha	hey doll
oh yeah	everybody
oh yeah	hey shaggy
no	i mean yes
i m buff	my god
we have	to remain
to remain	calm
hello	scoob what
heroes	heroes
gotcha	go daphne
scooby	dooby
dooby	doo
easy	fuser
miss jazmn	daniela
take this	thanks
bec	well
we failed	shell city
i m	stalling
for you	no yes
daddy no	daddy yes
what	no
ta da	cool trick
of course	whoa
yeah so	visitors
bell rings	agh oh
ouch	whoa
hello help	mandy help
hurry up	really
sophie	oh you
well i	bye lettie
granny	granny
yummy	yummy
markl	yes
sophie	thank you
no ma tter	morning
pay up	thank you
thank you	thanks
of f i go	sure
a chair	it s mine
yeah	angie
right no	no
no	no i m
hey no no	no
hey	we did it
we did it	i told you
okay bite	eat it
dano	tom
tom	help
come on	go go go
i m out	i m out
what is it	cinnamon
bacon	squirrel
squirrel	squirrel
dy no mite	dy no mite
dy no mite	dy no mite
dy no mite	dy no mite
thought so	dy no mite
dy no mite	dy no mite
iron iron	what
dano no	no no way
oh vernon	oh god
oh god	marge
please	marge
marge	come back
harry	harry
keep still	keep still
that s it	yes
malfoy no	no
no	buckbeak
riddikulus	yes
a woman	screaming
oh vernon	oh god
oh god	marge
please	marge
marge	come back
harry	harry
that s it	yes
malfoy no	no
no	buckbeak
riddikulus	yes
a woman	screaming
orphanis	encribo
violet	enchant
my theater	this way
oh really	says who
off you go	good night
you what	detective
oh no	no
inbearable	go on
on three	one
one	two
two	three
wait	wait
critic	critic
critic	cape sir
official	and legal
my theater	this way
oh really	says who
off you go	good night
you what	detective
oh no	no
inbearable	go on
on three	one
one	two
two	three
wait	wait
critic	critic
official	and legal
we haven t	officially
to god	shoot me
yes	why
no	in 1893
granville	no
no	no no
chuma	merrin
sarah	sarah
francis	francis
no father	joseph
joseph	father
father	i m coming
merrin	father
lancaster	no help
no help	sarah
sarah	no help
no help	sarah
we haven t	officially
to god	shoot me
yes	why
no	in 1893
granville	no
no	no no
chuma	merrin
sarah	sarah
francis	francis
no father	joseph
joseph	father
father	i m coming
merrin	father
lancaster	no help
no help	sarah
sarah	no help
no help	sarah
cat cow	snake pig
rings	yeah
if	don
nope	none
sniffs	hmm
mona	thank you
hmm mm hmm	sighs
oh	i remember
i remember	sighs
laughs	mm hmm
mm hmm	sighs
a bachelor	wow
knocking	penny
hello	penny yeah
sun green	perfect
continues	boy
the sun	continues
professor	professor
bloody	oh bloody
yeah	what
yes sir	lngenious
fleur	fleur
get down	get down
obliged	get up
he did it	harry
no	no
yeah	what
yes sir	ingenious
get down	get down
obliged	get up
no	no
yes	mortifagos
weasley if	still on
aha	son
sirius	subscript
sirius	how
ah if then	that
cho	if ehm
and viktor	no
aqui	taking
no	cedric
now i can	tocarte
and now	this
calm	clmate
please	i no
guys	all right
honey	lisa honey
lisa honey	get up
he did not	fine
me mete	meor sho
fine	lisa
lisa	lisa lisa
danny	walter
no	great
go	no go
no go	no go
hit it	hit it
take it	follow it
follow it	follow it
danny	danny
deal	deal deal
testing	it works
come on	walter
he is	yes
thank you	i
no	no one did
mom dad	i found it
yeah	enjoy
no	no one did
mom dad	i found it
yeah	enjoy
all this	chocolate
veruca	daddy
help me	help me
willy	hi dad
come on	shrieking
no no	no no no
whoops	sarah beth
sarah beth	juno
thanks	ok yeah ok
sarah	sam
holly	juno
hey	eurgh
screeching	screams
holly	50 bats
50 bats	grunts
clattering	juno ok
hey	not hungry
not hungry	are you ok
sarah	shit
shit	yes
beth	grunts
hey hey	ok ok ok
now	hurry up
beth holly	juno
gasps	fuck
fuck	panting
grunts	reach
aargh	juno
juno	no
groaning	juno
juno	i il live
guys hold	holly
fuck me	sam
hello	screams
sarah	holly
ok ok	ok
beeping	beeping
beeping	sam becca
it s juno	juno
anyone	sam
oh	i m sorry
screeches	sam run
oh god	oh god
oh god	oh god no
oh god no	sarah
shh sarah	gurgles
sorry	sobs
please	sarah
growls	screeches
sarah	sarah
come on	juno
screaming	screaming
screaming	screaming
hmm	grunts
bell rings	clang
clang	whoosh
whoosh	no
cheering	is
is	cheering
oh right	keys clank
i i didn t	um look uh
ahhh	silence
firmly eat	shh sorry
screaming	screaming
screaming	screaming
hmm	grunts
bell rings	clang
clang	whoosh
whoosh	no
cheering	is
is	cheering
oh right	keys clank
i i didn t	um look uh
ahhh	silence
firmly eat	shh sorry
platinum	brushed
kept what	the flower
exhale	inhale
scofield	move it
you came	of course
what s up	nothing
please	please
thanks	well
cold	i uh
shoes	oh
oh	easy
what	it s uh
oh my god	w hat
what	yeah um
x	x
yes you	touch
tibby	tibby
natasha	olivia
bridget	polly
jake	jake
jake	jake jacob
sasha	sasha
my queen	no please
will	hear me
ahh yep	two hey
two hey	yep
yep yep ok	yep yep
yep yep	yep
uh uh	aww
umm yep	aww
let s go	oh wait
hmm	yeah
yeah	hmm
hi	hey
where	right
shit	fuck
south	yeah south
we re here	thank god
thankyou	thankyou
thankyou	thanks
no	please
uh oh	no no no
hey	ohh yeah
go	no
push	what
wait	you ok
you ok	yeah
move	fuck fuck
fuck you	fuck you
fuck you	arsehole
arsehole	oh fuck no
ahh jesus	yeah
and demons	and me
ask him	oh shit uh
gasping	coughing
phillip	yelling
i m sorry	shattering
i	understand
heigh ho	heigh ho
thanks	ah chooooo
and you ah	ah ah ah
ah soup	hurray
i know	hah mush
mm hmm	makin pies
peep peep	peep peep
boy	snoring
well	uh i i
uh i i	uh huh
good bye	humming
ohh	pinocchio
humming	ooo nice
over here	over here
hey	hey
will she	ye huh
coughing	home
pinocchio	pinocchio
yes	oh
giddy up	coughing
pinocchio	whistle
yeah	it sure is
oh	huh
mama	mama
father	father
hmph	father
hee haw	pinocchio
ah	ah ah
gesundheit	ah ah ah
we made it	roaring
look out	hang on
look out	jump
crying	crying
thumper	yes mama
butterfly	butter
flower	me
perhaps	hush now
we	mother
come	my son
wait	what now
thumper	right
hi fellas	flower
flower	yeah
get up	get up
shhh	well
yes er	oh dear
that s it	of course
yeah yeah	all cackle
all laugh	fools
fools	snorts
aaah aaah	thunder
the wands	oh no
fold	oh well
oh well	humming
beautiful	snorts
snorts	aw come on
tweeting	and then
snorts	neighs
oh my name	why it s
why it s	it s
there	whoop
oh pink	blue
caws	cawing
it s rose	she s back
gasps	oh
him	rose
you have	where
sputters	shock
laughing	laughing
oh phillip	phillip
crying	now dear
grunting	here
but shh	fanfare
laughs	come
whinnies	laughing
huh i was	oh oh yes
gasps	blue
pelinore	pelinore
archimedes	help
oh god	oh jesus
oh jesus	how awful
hey duke	hey duke
yesterdays	yesterdays
sad am i	glad am i
me not me	you
poor cat	he was a
to see	it s clear
aughra	aughra
my hand	so my hand
gelfling	gelfling
there	yes
fight them	jen
come	hey
princess	princess
there	see again
here goes	teto
thank god	princess
princess	thanks
murderers	murderers
mito ready	somehow
mrs maki	over there
yes	thank you
thank you	but
no more	understood
maki	mister
mister	maki
i m sorry	yoko
no	that s
that s	my job
tell me	what
where	am i
goodbye	my dear
no	i have a
right	damn
run	hurry
hey	sir
what	pardon me
discipline	discipline
discipline	discipline
discipline	discipline
discipline	dismissed
shit	oh no
tetsuo	kaneda
what the	look
huh	kaneda
kaneda	hey
open it	yes sir
yes sir	uh
who s this	who me
blood	i m scared
stop it	shut up
what	w wait
he s dead	what
hey	damn it
aim	fire
shit	huh
huh	what the
kaneda	kai kei
kaori	kaori
no	tetsuo
help me	stop it
kaori	kaori
kaori	kaori
tetsuo	kaneda
kaneda	hang on
tetsuo	don t go
takashi	takashi
i m	kaneda
kaneda	kaneda
kaneda	kei
not again	mama mama
seita	seita
breathe in	and out
totoro	go go go
go go go	energetic
go go go	energetic
wolves	foxes
foxes	come here
come on	wait
wait	hurry up
not here	not here
one two	one two
mei s	want meal
oh no	okay
mei	mel
mel	mei
totoro	over here
mei	it not lie
hurry	wait
don t cry	don t cry
satsuki	kan chan
sis	mei
you dummy	i m sorry
no offense	fine
64 65 66	hey lisa
my mother	my bully
my bully	my god
nelson	papa
something	ooh
ooh	ooh
ooh	ee ugh
shrieking	grunts
cutter	icepick
icepick	snake
very well	i i
laughs	wha
tonight on	macgyver
macgyver	macgyver
macgyver	macgyver
oh	dad
i m sorry	but ahm
be careful	go get em
go get em	good bye
thanks	good bye
thank you	thank you
thank you	bye
thank you	come on
oh	dad
i m sorry	but ahm
be careful	go get em
go get em	good bye
thanks	good bye
thank you	thank you
thank you	bye
thank you	come on
come come	yes
osono	hmm
jiji	jiji
jiji	what
kiki	hi
like it	amazing
kiki go	go
tombo	kiki
tombo	kiki
oh	dad
i m sorry	but ahm
be careful	go get em
go get em	good bye
thanks	good bye
thank you	thank you
thank you	bye
thank you	come on
philippe	oh
hello	papa papa
papa	papa
to see why	no one s
get out no	get out
but but i	ah nuts
get up	get up
lumiere	cogsworth
cogsworth	mrs potts
bonjour	bonjour
bonjour	good day
bonjour	good day
it works	it does
it does	it does
it does	you did it
whoa	whoa boy
that s it	back up
what	oh
over here	where
where	allo
thank you	no no no
no no tea	no tea
oh	hello
uh oh	oh
not yet	sorry
hmm	yeah
dogs	no belle
you belle	gaston i m
gaston i m	i m
i m	speechless
hello papa	papa
belle	papa
you	you would
wait	belle
belle	wait
master	what
more beer	what for
who you	never
help	help
oh	oh
lf i	yes
yes	then we
let s go	no one
ooh	careful
chip	oops sorry
chip	bye
no	hmm
hmm	ah ah ah
oh no	oh yes
oh yes	oh no
get out	no
no	get out
all right	now
papa	oh no
oh no	he s sick
yes yes	splen
splen	you what
i had to	yes but
yes but	why
belle	shh
lf	lf what
ls it she	sacre bleu
sacre bleu	lnvaders
get up	get up
get out	beast
beast	belle
belle	it s me
lumiere	cogsworth
cogsworth	mrs potts
mrs potts	look at us
look at us	mama mama
whoa oh oh	whoa oh
men laugh	grimacing
whimpers	goodbye
swell	coughs
oh boy	hmm
abu	whines
thanks	squeaking
yes	at last
chuckling	it s mine
no	no
sniffling	jafar has
aladdin	oh my head
aaaaahhhhh	oy
oh my	no no
no no	my my
my my	scatting
had a	friend
friend	like
like	me
me	ah ha ha
we re	outta here
jasmine	growls
yaaah	kersplat
oh really	right here
ow ow ow	ahh whoa
aah	whew
growling	so move
so move	hey
down kitty	wait wait
yes	yes
laughing	laughing
genie i uh	i
get a grip	good grip
oh boy	cheering
father	cackling
shivering	abu
abu	abu
gasping	no genie
gasping	both yech
laughing	straining
yes	yes
yes	the power
you got it	what
really	how come
abu	what
yes	then jump
abu no	infidels
never	had a
had a	friend
friend	like me
oh really	right here
no	what what
help	scar
scar	mm hmm
mm hmm	drop him
oomph	sorry
hey nala	hi simba
well	pleeeease
wow	shhh zazu
simba	aaaaiee
zazu	yes sire
aaaaaaahh	noooooooo
whoa	yeooow
na ah	hippo
hippo	nope
well kid	oh well
it is time	ohi mbube
ohi mbube	ohi mbube
bye	hey wait
simba	father
mufasa	no it s me
very nice	thanks
look timon	go on look
oh timmy	my timmy
mom	choking
be careful	i will
beyond	what i see
excuse me	goodness
sorry	anywho
one two	three
timon	again
it means	no worries
what	timon no
my son	the hero
gawrsh	aloha
sorry	timon
i	need
incredible	hey wait
this is	papa look
emily	emily
memories	memories
shit	hurry
hurry up	coming
right dear	yeah
chief	come in
major	understood
batou yeah	thanks
barking	cackling
cackling	please
who i am	lnside
shudders	crying
mulan	groans
groans	no
clanking	i live
growling	hello
hello	hel lo
hel lo	hello
hello	uh oh
shan yu	screeches
day one	soldiers
screaming	whimpering
no	mulan
yee haw	whooping
cackling	groaning
ohh	screeching
cheering	no
huh gasps	screams
grunting	laughing
scatting	scatting
every day	every day
now i see	now i see
i am now	i am now
who i am	who i am
to fly	to fly
to fly	and i burn
and i burn	and i burn
hey	over here
hey	hey
hey	oh no
what is it	look
hey	damn
ominae	ominae
yu	yu
jean	jean
jean	get going
i see	hey
earthquake	no look
shut up	doctor
the plate	the plate
i am	yu ominae
but first	you die
jean	jean
jean	what
tag	missed me
tag	i m it
i m it	tag
tag tag	tag tag
exactly	girls no
girls no	hello
hello	hello
girls abcs	a b c d e
yes no way	come on no
you rock	thank you
women	squeaks
trilling	munching
with curls	and wait
hmm gasps	groans
growling	snarling
static	snoring
gagging	exhaling
huh	grunts
wh wh whoa	yelling
whoa	ohh
yee hah	panting
in me	yeah
growling	snarling
static	snoring
gagging	exhaling
huh	grunts
wh wh whoa	yelling
whoa	ohh
yee hah	panting
he s	he s dead
one	two
two	here goes
hey	mumbllng
growllng	screamlng
hello fry	chuckllng
coughlng	goodbye
laughlng	growls
chuckllng	never
chuckllng	gasps
where	am i
stroke	stroke
mewtwo	mewtwo
dewgong	vileplume
zurg	i knew it
four three	two one
no my plan	my galaxy
hey	come here
breathe	oh why me
thanks oh	no problem
huh	look out
kuzco whoa	kuzco
hmm	oh yes
whee	ouch
ooh ooh	ahh ahh
ginger	whew
ooh	no wait
oh shoot	rocky
we il make	a crate
bunty eggs	eggs eggs
come on	hey
hey	oh
voila	give me
nice plan	mrs tweedy
ginger	rocky
no	blea aah
aww	whoa
yeow	all right
all right	yeah
yeah	bye bye
linda	linda
like what	a weapon
ahh	ah here
follow me	whoa
go	go run
hmm	ooh hmm
drej	aah
gune gune	gune
you okay	yeah
whoa	zini
go go	hurry
oh no	eema
confirm	up here
oh shit	captain
no no doc	no drugs
gray	be careful
be careful	you too
yes	oh good
it s her	sir
gray	gray
gray	help me
confirm	up here
oh shit	captain
no no doc	no drugs
gray	be careful
be careful	you too
yes	oh good
it s her	sir
gray	gray
gray	help me
scary feet	scary feet
sorry	shut up
i	allergies
catch	that s it
it s empty	see
hold it	stop
come on go	move
kitty	boo
i didn t	come on
let s move	no mike
sure	i know
well done	boo
it s me	you
you	a child
no sir	good
we	we no
sorry boo	stop him
i love you	look out
look out	idiots
oh boy	hang on
no	boo s door
what sulli	just do it
boo	no
kitty	boo
boo	boo
okay stop	open up
mike	is that
boo	kitty
hello	i know
oh great	hey ted
it is not	hey fellas
hey fellas	hey jerry
you and me	me and you
what the	wazowski
yeah	mlke whoa
uh sir	what
what	look
stand back	careful
hmm	uh hello
uh hello	anyone
hello	hey
hey	psst
hello	yo
oh	here
here	gotcha
i said	sulley
sulley	no no no
michael	sulley
a kid	boo
da da da	da da da
sulley	see
shh	shh
shh	shh
flatlining	uh mike
now	now go
now go	uh you
uh you	go
go	to
to	sleep
halt	stop him
gotcha	boo
come on go	move now
uh well uh	no no way
whew	yikes
boo	no
whoa	hey
sulley	oh sulley
nope sorry	oh sulley
oh dear	get him
get him	sulley
sulley	sulley
kitty	boo
huh	mike
mike	hey
stop stop	no no
it s okay	i was just
i was just	no
no sir	good
snow cone	yuck
yuck	no no no
always	no
hey whoa	don t
kitty	sullivan
wh whoa	kitty
kitty	sorry boo
sorry boo	stop him
hah	ooh
ooh	mike
oh	come on
oh	idiot
oh boy	hold on
no	aah
aah	boo s door
just do it	oh ow
boo	ha ha
ha ha	no
kitty	boo
okay okay	you got us
catch	2319
hey	sullivan
hello boys	both roz
go ahead	go grow up
mm	yeah
ah	ah
googley	whoa
i i i	no peeking
okay stop	open them
open them	ta da
ta da	mike
mike	is that
boo	boo kitty
hello	hello
what what	cut
next	and action
see	guess who
marker	and action
you you	a e i o
thunk	whoosh
what	whoosh
clicking	thunder
chuckles	sighs
meow	my gosh
beeping	hiss
beep	beep beep
boom aah	laughing
aah	backfires
backfires	coughing
whoosh	she lives
pbbbt	laughing
ahh ooh	ah aah
ah aah	holy whoa
fire	fire
fire	fire
fire	milo fire
whoa whoa	aah
aah	crash
rumbling	hey wait
come back	grunting
show me	ok uh
crash	sputters
milo guys	exhales
gasps	whoa
gunshot	uhh
uhh	mercenary
2	9
9	t
um	kida
kida	i m sorry
no no wait	thud
unh yaah	aah
uhh unh	aah uhh
aah	rumbling
rumbling	aah aah
aah aah	shrieks
whoa	growls
uhh	ahh
ahh	oh great
ahh	rumbling
cookie i	mutters aw
mutters aw	kiss
come here	crack unh
say gochk	all gochk
oh oh oh	whoa whoa
whoa whoa	oh
oh	all right
all right	all right
thunk	whoosh
what	whoosh
clicking	thunder
chuckles	sighs
meow	my gosh
beeping	hiss
beep	beep beep
boom aah	laughing
aah	backfires
backfires	coughing
whoosh	she lives
pbbbt	laughing
ahh ooh	ah aah
ah aah	holy whoa
fire	fire
fire	fire
fire	mllo fire
whoa whoa	aah
aah	crash
show me	ok uh
crash	sputters
mllo guys	exhales
gasps	whoa
gunshot	uhh
uhh	mercenary
2	9
9	t
um	kida
kida	i m sorry
no no wait	thud
unh yaah	aah
uhh unh	aah uhh
aah	rumbling
rumbling	aah aah
aah aah	shrieks
whoa	growls
uhh	ahh
ahh	oh great
ahh	rumbling
cookie l	mutters aw
mutters aw	kiss
come here	crack unh
say gochk	all gochk
oh oh oh	whoa whoa
whoa whoa	oh
oh	all right
all right	all right
oh shut up	next
a shrek	shrek
here i go	good night
it s quiet	too quiet
shrek	so shrek
i object	shrek
i love you	really
oh shut up	next
a shrek	shrek
shrek	so shrek
i hate you	i hate me
i hate you	i hate me
i hate you	i hate me
okay	one two
you got it	whoops
one two	three
oh my god	be careful
they died	my bad
jennifer	jennifer
pants	woof woof
sniffs	oh my gosh
howls	explosion
wendy jane	panting
panting	danny jane
danny jane	oh jane
yippee	rustles
thunder	ha ha
bonk	sputters
whines	whimpers
i m fine	i m fine
i try	i try
i try	i try
peter pan	pixie dust
clack	groans
arrgh	clanks
clanks	thud
thud	clacking
grinds	boom
boom	crash
smee whoa	slosh
slosh	bubbling
hook pan	rip
rip	ha ha ha
tinkles	blast him
aah aah	eww
wendy	wendy
sighs bonk	groans
groans	boys
boys	ehh ehh
ehh ehh	hook hook
tinkles	bubbling
bubbling	all gasp
all gasp	eeh
tinkles	swipe
swipe	gulps
gasps	smacks
smacks	yum
yum	chatters
chatters	slurps
aah	ohh
ohh	no no no
aah smee	aah aah
aah	wait
clacking	tinkling
uhh	huh
jangles	aah splash
tinkles	jane help
jane help	ahh
whooping	gasps
clatter	boys laugh
boys laugh	claps
claps	tinkles
the twins	thud ow
thud ow	cubby
squish	ew
popping	shrieks
shrieks	crash
pop	thank you
thank you	blows
blows	sniffles
sniffles	shrieking
shrieking	smee
smee	save me
shh	tinkling
why	sighs oh
why	because
because	that s why
gulls cry	sighs
duty calls	sighs
oh	oh dear
oh dear	oh no
oh no	wah
wah	whoa oh
ohh	groans
tinkles	tink
tink	tinkles
sniffles	coughs
coughs	jane ahh
ohh	laughter
boys gasp	good bye
sighs	blows
blows	coughs
ohh	gasping
kinda bad	kinda
sobbing	gasps
oh oh oh	my sources
jane	jane
hmm	peter pan
peter pan	ohh
bubbles	eww tweets
laughs	attention
attention	ha ha ha
ow hey	let me go
jane no	peter i
i il try	i il try
i il try	to fly
to fly	crying
all hooray	jane
ah ha ha	laughter
laughter	tinkles
all aah	smee
oh	captain
captain	tinkling
tinkling	oh
oh	aah
aah	aah ohh
gasps	unh
both laugh	huh
huh	gasps
gasps	good show
i win ha	waah
growling	yaah
yaah	ooh uhh ha
ooh uhh ha	ooh ay
gasps	ooh
all gasp	look
look	hook smee
hook smee	men uhh
men uhh	uhh
uhh	ohh
all aah	popping
yay	both crow
all spit	spits
spits	all yay
all yay	tinkling
but	but but
but but	but pbbt
whoa	hey
hey	tinkling
bell tolls	bell tolls
bell tolls	bell tolls
bell tolls	gasps
gasps	oh my gosh
tinkling	shh
shh	huh
gasps	wendy
not really	not ever
hmm	tinkling
tinkling	gasps
gasps	oh tink
oh tink	both laugh
heh	madam
madam	ha ha ha
i m fine	i m fine
i try	i try
i try	i try
i try	i try
i il try	i il try
i il try	i will try
i will try	i il try
mmm yum	sniffing
sniffing	hello
coughing	oh my
ohh	rumbling
sarah	lf i may
sighs	jim
ugh	mr hawkins
chattering	belch
ls that so	yeah
whoa	woooo
coughs	sighs
grunts	oh ho ho
laughing	oh jimbo
gasps	aah
pbbbt	laughs
me too	yaaah
powers up	beeping
sighs	now
captain	oh ooh
ah	morph
shh shh	powers up
chuckles	ahh
on that	morph ooh
cabin boy	aah
rumbling	maybe not
hmm	chuckles
let s see	kinapis
gasps	cheering
whoa	hello
chattering	what
no	blacker no
me also	ah good
note 27	yeah 03
hey you	yes
big beta	big beta
you are	all crazy
you were	at the mad
me	yes
is it you	yes
it dark	to no one
wait	obey me
don t move	don t move
a coffee	me yes
me	me
why	because
aw	uhh
hey whoa	hi denahi
huh	aah
aah	uhh
uhh	kenai
aah uhh	sitka
sitka	sitka
no	sitka
aah	aah aah
tanana	uhh ohh
uhh ohh	ooh
no	no no no
here yes	ok
whaaah	whaaah
whaaah	uhh
see ya kid	um
um	wait uh
and go	mm mmm
beauty eh	beauty eh
uhh	hmm
um	hmm
yeah ok	whee
fine fine	fine
koda	koda
uhh	no come on
aah	uhh
aah	aah
ok ok	koda i uh
get a cave	uhh
koda	koda
scrapes	squeaking
wow mmm	wow mm hmm
roars	no ow
no ow	gasps oh
gasps oh	ooh ooh
coral	panting
squishing	thud
thud	cries
bye nemo	bye dad
bye dad	bye son
pity	oh
nemo whoa	there s
ok	beat that
i hate you	there s
big aah	gasps aah
aah oh no	dad
dad	daddy
daddy	panting
panting	oh nemo
oh nemo	panting
panting	unh nemo
panting	no
no	aah
no no nemo	nemo nemo
nemo nemo	nemo nemo
nemo nemo	no lnhales
no lnhales	nemo nemo
no no	panting
panting	marlln hey
marlln hey	wait
gasps	hello
gasps	marlln oh
marlln oh	ohh
oh ok	denial aah
nemo daddy	nemo
clanking	g day grr
clanging	who is it
aah aah	roars
dink boom	explosions
splash	dad
dad	panting
panting	daddy
gasps	bubbles
bubbles	muttering
muttering	my bubbles
grunting	come on
gasps aah	loud thud
roars	whoa waah
whoa waah	screaming
dory haah	dory haah
nemo mmm	nemo
ha hwa ha	ha hwa ha
ha hwa ha	ha hwa ha
by myself	ok
baby talk	zap ow
aah aah	don t move
oh no	dory dory
dory dory	dory
yeah	yeah
ptoo	splish
whirring	buzz aah
clunk	grunting
crush dude	uhh dude
yeah stop	so sighs
oh wow	heh heh
heh heh	up you go
up you go	up you go
dude dude	oh intro
whoooa	hyah
hyah	mine
smack	bubbling
gasps	clatters
spits	sharkbait
sharkbait	no
screaming	whoa wahoo
whoa wahoo	whoa whoa
whoa whoa	laughing
laughing	whoo
nope nada	gasps
whimpering	ooh aaah
aaah	oof pants
grunting	whoo
whoo	yaahhh
sobs	ohhh
hey	you ok
sighs	creaking
splash	aah aah
aah aah	aah aah
aah aah	aah aah
aah aah	splash
zap	aah
whoa aah	splash
gulp	whoa aah
fishy aah	clank
unh eww	yelling
yelling	go get em
truly i am	truly i am
truly i am	flies away
dad dad	dad
dad	moaning
nemo	daddy nemo
dory nemo	daddy
splashing	gasping
grunting	moans
moans	nemo
coughs	daddy
bye dad	bye dad
bye dad	bye son
all cheer	laughter
so long	sailin
no more	farewell
panting	muttering
growling	chomp
scrapes	whirrs
whirrs	squeaking
e a c	oh dude
yeah stop	so
oh wow	heh heh
heh heh	up you go
noggin	dude dude
dude dude	oh intro
please	well ok
whoooa	hyah
hyah	mine
sharkbait	no
whoa wahoo	whoa whoa
aaah	oof
whoo	yaahhh
hey	you ok
aah aah	aah aah
daddy	fishy
dad dad	dad
i m dory	i m nemo
nemo	daddy nemo
dory nemo	daddy
bye dad	bye son
so long	sailin
no more	farewell
wow mmm	wow mm hmm
no ow	oh
oh	ooh ooh
bye nemo	bye dad
bye dad	bye son
pity	oh
nemo whoa	there s
ok	beat that
i hate you	there s
big aah	aah
aah oh no	dad
dad	daddy
no	aah
aah	uhh
no no nemo	nemo nemo
nemo nemo	nemo nemo
nemo nemo	no
no	nemo nemo
marlln hey	wait
marlln oh	ohh
oh ok	denial aah
nemo daddy	nemo
huh	aah uhh
dory haah	dory haah
nemo mmm	nemo
ha hwa ha	ha hwa ha
ha hwa ha	ha hwa ha
by myself	ok
aah aah	don t move
dory	dory
oh no	dory dory
dory dory	dory
dory	ohh
yeah	yeah
i got it	pull
crush dude	uhh dude
e a c	oh dude
yeah stop	so
oh wow	heh heh
heh heh	up you go
up you go	up you go
noggin	dude dude
dude dude	oh intro
please	well ok
whoooa	hyah
hyah	mine
sharkbait	no
whoa wahoo	whoa whoa
aaah	oof
whoo	yaahhh
hey	you ok
aah aah	aah aah
aah aah	aah aah
all darla	all darla
daddy	fishy
truly i am	truly i am
dad dad	dad
i m dory	i m nemo
nemo	daddy nemo
dory nemo	daddy
bye dad	bye dad
bye dad	bye son
so long	sailin
no more	farewell
slzzles	gasps
he did	you
hey	wait
a gi	laughlng
aren t we	aren t we
you jump	ah
tracks	dead ahead
right	left
left	right
right	left right
an angel	maybe
maybe	wait wait
we made it	laughlng
buzzlng	maybe not
okay	okay
i believe	i believe
well	thank you
young man	patience
thank you	and billy
me	you
yes indeed	hm
hm	yes indeed
as am i	laughs
absolutely	me
well	see you
see you	see you
hi there	sorry
sorry	thanks
my god	so
2 000	346 422
here we go	you okay
slowly	look ahead
don t move	nice
nice	pignon
pignon	coming
yes	speaking
thanks	its malloy
oh	doc
doc	doc
doc	doc
jack	jack
jones	jaworski
noah	lopez
hank	slater
slater	hank
hank	slater
malloy	malloy
he did	you
aren t we	aren t we
you jump	ah
tracks	dead ahead
right	left
left	right
right	left right
an angel	maybe
maybe	wait wait
hey look	a present
okay	okay
i believe	i believe
i believe	i believe
well	thank you
young man	patience
thank you	and billy
me	you
yes indeed	hm
hm	yes indeed
absolutely	me
well	see you
see you	see you
he did	you
hey	wait
aren t we	aren t we
tracks	dead ahead
right	left
left	right
right	left right
an angel	maybe
maybe	wait wait
hey look	a present
okay	okay
i believe	i believe
young man	patience
thank you	and billy
me	you
absolutely	me
well	see you
see you	see you
oh	doc
doc	doc
doc	doc
jack	jack
jones	jaworski
noah	lopez
gilbert	wait
hank	slater
slater	hank
hank	slater
slater	hey cop
malloy	malloy
malloy	malloy
thanks	you
gunfire	grunts
meows	beeping
that s it	stop it
uh oh	oh good
edna mode	and guest
frozone	bob yeah
gunfire	grunts
meows	beeping
let go now	cat yowls
that s it	stop it
uh oh	oh good
edna mode	and guest
fighting	whistles
frozone	bob yeah
bob yeah	bob
bob	hey
5 4 3	2 1
2 1	zero
oh i	why son
alright	thank you
dad	daaad dy
scambobots	catch them
pull over	oh no
5 4 3	2 1
2 1	zero
oh i	why son
alright	thank you
dad	daaad dy
scambobots	catch them
pull over	oh no
panting	moo
ohh	burp
what	gasps no
bellows	hmm
hmm	wooh
gasps	snoring
snoring	ohh great
ohh great	snorts
all mooing	pop
pop	thock
thock	crashing
moo uhh	oh oh
daddy son	ptoo
ptoo	gasps
gasps	ding bonk
ding bonk	i say aah
thunder	thunder
thunder	gulp gulp
gulp gulp	rico rico
rico rico	buzz
buzz	rico rico
buzzing	shh sorry
shh sorry	fluttering
sputtering	ooh
ooh	splat
hmph	moo
yaah yaah	grunting
mooing	thump
giddy up	ack
mmm ohh	hey barry
hisses	uhh ooh
huh	ha ha ha
neighs	machine
bird caws	bird caws
chirping	aw
coughing	coughing
maggie	coughing
fine fine	fine fine
snores	mmm
mmm	mmm
screech	growls
growls	aah
mooing	hiss
hiss	coughs
buck buck	oh buck
1 4 336	ohh 4 337
huh	yodeling
screaming	screech
maggle ooh	screaming
screaming	hey
hey	neighs
neighs	huh
crash ohh	crash
neighs	aah
screech	clanging
clanging	sizzling
sizzling	screech
screaming	boom
boom	screaming
ohh oh	chugging
chugging	aaah aah
look out	crash
crash	clattering
squeak	clang
chugging	toot
toot	unh
roadhogs	aah
growls	cracking
cracking	ding
ding	rumbling
giggling	crows owww
ow aah	pecking
pecking	aaah
aaah	ohhhh oof
awww	mooing
mooing	cheering
clucking	quacks
quacks	grunts
oh yeah	laughing
y i i m in	y i i m in
eddie	let s see
let s see	50 years
just a bit	a bit more
sup ray	hey chris
oooowww	alex
grandpa	grandpa
father was	eddie was
shit	you fiend
you fiend	ray hurry
mother	ray c mon
columbus	eh
what me	this kid
huh	well
really	look
d amn it	grandpa
mo moron	huh
father	eddie
grandpa	stop it
here	thank you
listen ray	huh
huh	look ray
here	here ah
no	yes it is
yes it is	no
no	yes
yes	no
it swings	silas
silas	thank you
terkel	what
hey boys	hey gunnar
i knew it	knew what
it s hlm	who
action	i m home
action	i m home
hey stop	cut
don t	don t
what oscar	sorry
mmm mmm	oh no
ow moron	frankie no
oscar hmm	oscar
ang here	oh oscar
ang i	oh hi
oh hi	oh hi
oh	i mean
the uh	don t cry
ahh	hey a bed
no	no
no	no way
oscar	angie
taxi	hey taxi
hey taxi	hello
lenny what	like this
moron	franki no
franki no	no
sykes okay	hey oscar
chocolates	flowers
gasps	groans
belch	laughs
what oscar	sorry
sighs	splutters
true story	sobs sighs
bell rings	bell rings
mmm mmm	oh no
ow moron	frankie no
frankie no	wails no
oscar hmm	oscar
ang here	oh oscar
ang i	lola oh hi
lola oh hi	lola oh hi
oh	i mean
the uh	don t cry
ahh	hey a bed
no	no
no	no way
slurping	hi
chuckles	bellows
oscar what	retches
taxi	hey taxi
hey taxi	hello
don t	don t
what oscar	sorry
mmm mmm	oh no
ow moron	frankie no
frankie no	no
oscar hmm	oscar
ang here	oh oscar
ang i	oh hi
oh hi	oh hi
oh	i mean
the uh	don t cry
ahh	hey a bed
no	no
no	no way
oscar	angie
taxi	hey taxi
hey taxi	hello
aaaaargh	zeebad
zeebad	panting
it s magic	you know
it s magic	you know
la chokes	dougal
dougal	ugh
whoa	whoooa
help	yells
eh	aha
attention	name
dylan	dylan
laughs	ooh
ermintrude	faster
gasps	sam
look out	ugh
ugh	blimey
blimey	run run
dylan argh	noooo
gasps	grunts
aaaagh	laughs oh
pets fried	bad karma
crash	groaning
groaning	ow ooh
let s go	clang
chuckles	ooooh
ooooh	whoaaa
da daaa	weeeeee
weeeeee	sighs
roars	wails
gasps	growls
ya ya	wee
sha ka	woo hoo ya
whoa	growling
chaaaaaa	aaaaaaa
aaaaaaa	aaaarge
aaaarge	laughs
aaagh	he he help
he he help	help
huh	aaaaargh
it s gone	laughs
dougal now	both whoa
whoa	whoa dudes
ouch	brlan whoa
oh no	no no sobs
we mustn t	florence
florence	no
home	hm
sam zeebad	you
ugh	ooh
gasps	florence
florence	sniffs
grunts	growls
take this	run
run	whoa
whoooooa	ooh hoo
oof	whoooa
no	whooooa
oof	warbles
not again	argh
growls	no ooo ooo
she can t	florence
ah sugar	laughs
ha ha	boing
boing	splat
splat	chuckles
hmm	ohh
clunk	oh er
snores	oh
squeak	oh yee ow
bleep	whirr
ooohh	crash
crash	sorry
sorry	crash
get me out	he e elp
beep beep	beep
creak	rattling
boing	clunk
clunk	splat
pow	pee ow
pee ow	toot toot
toot toot	pee ow
aaaahhh	ohh
toot	toot
toot	gotcha
gotcha	uh
high five	low five
low five	down low
down low	too slow
with this	with this
i did	i did
thank you	victor
okay	no peeking
l i	oh dear
no	yeah
emily	you
with this	with this
i did	i did
thank you	victor
okay	no peeking
i i	oh dear
no	yeah
emily	you
with this	with this
i did	i did
thank you	victor
okay	no peeking
l l	oh dear
no	yeah
emily	you
with this	with this
i did	i did
thank you	victor
okay	no peeking
i i	oh dear
no	yeah
emily	you
oh oh	oh bother
humph	woo hoo
yet	hmm
ah	you re it
i did it	i did it
oh bother	oh no
oh no	we re lost
whoa	stop okay
yow	why
why	because
scree	yooo
promise	promise
hello	pooh bear
hello	hello
oh	whoa
lumpster	yeah
we re home	well well
roo	roo
roo	roo
roo	roo
roo	oh
mom	roo
lumpy roo	lumpy
lumpy	lumpy
lumpy	lumpy
oh lumpy	lumpy
young	heffalump
heffalump	i
right	yes sir
alex	look at me
new york	new york
marty	marty
guys	oh no
oh no	gloria
gloria	melman
melman	marty
alex	marty
marty	alex
alex	marty
marty	melman
melman	gloria
marty	melman
melman	gloria
oh my	gloria
gloria	alex
marty	marty
marty	alex
alex	marty
marty	al
al	marty
marty	alex
alex	marty
san diego	san diego
the fossa	the fossa
fire	fire
oh my	fire
come here	you re it
ow	oh no
stay back	please
help me	alex help
mine	my kill
alex marty	alex marty
marty alex	marty al
marty al	marty alex
fire fire	fire fire
fire no no	fire
right	yes sir
alex	look at me
new york	new york
marty	marty
guys	oh no
oh no	gloria
gloria	melman
melman	marty
marty	alex
alex	marty
marty	alex
alex	marty
melman	gloria
marty	melman
melman	gloria
oh my	gloria
gloria	alex
marty	marty
marty	alex
alex	marty
marty	al
al	marty
marty	alex
alex	marty
san diego	san diego
the fossa	the fossa
fire	fire
fire	fire fire
oh my	fire
come here	you re it
ow	oh no
stay back	please
shoo	leave shoo
again	thank you
push push	push
thanks	what
hey	hi there
you mean	yep
oh good	company
shoo	leave shoo
again	thank you
can t move	can t
can t	stop
bomonga	kualus
kualus	pouks
vakama	oh norik
ta	ta metru
he	was
toa	keetongu
obedient	and ready
vakama	nokama
now	let s go
let s go	fire
matau	i m coming
whoo hoo	nice ship
the makuta	he is gone
mr kraler	miep
annie	otto anne
hello miep	mr kraler
anne sanne	sanne
sanne	sanne
ah yes	coughs
annele	the song
a cake	all ooh
yes	once
no thanks	not me
i get mad	look at us
peter	dussel
dussel	but
me when	now
sir thomas	sir thomas
sir thomas	sir thomas
boat	sir
boatman	sir
sir thomas	thank you
margaret	your grace
was he	was he so
but look	be seated
music	music
richard	i fell
help me	how
how	employ me
employ me	no
margaret	will you
will you	yes
father	margaret
rich	secretary
pick ups	bullshit
you little	sammy
sammy	bastard
let me go	let me go
one law	one king
one king	one law
one law	one king
home rule	india
are	untouched
there is	no food
hundreds	thousands
gareth	yes sir
bapu	you too
sick kiss	i m my saa
tub	but i
but i	volv love
tee eat	eat i m
eat i m	my
that	was mozart
excuse me	but why
yes	where
love sire	love
or this	yes
where	in a harem
please	your grace
yes papa	name it
is it true	yes
love	again
well	6
excellency	would you
what dead	who s dead
you re mad	she s mad
thank you	please
the man	he s here
now	yes why
so now	a minor
ssik kiss	ym my ssa
yrram	marry me
tub	but i
but i	love
eat eat	ym my my
certainly	your grace
your grace	ah mozart
excuse me	but why
or this	this yes
maestro	well
katerina i	excuse me
lord	please
enter me	please
please	please
well	i m here
stanzi	stanzi
i love you	i love you
unfair	unkind
well	well what
a hundred	fifty
are you	expecting
well	six
please	look
late	late
good	yes
excellency	would you
i believe	i believe
why	tell him
you re mad	she s mad
go go go	go go
the man	he s here
oh yes	possible
ls it true	yes
love	again
excellency	would you
what dead	who s dead
no	why not
you re mad	she s mad
thank you	please
the man	he s here
now	yes why
so now	a minor
tenors	identical
wonderful	go on
you see	prove it
ready yeah	come on
yo stacks	open up
experience	freedom
freedom	love now
come on	come on
morrison	come here
iooting	fucking
fuck	all right
all right	okay
okay	all right
i know	everything
action	action
you and i	cut cut
so did i	robbie
anymore	the man is
last words	out
well	sort of
karloff	sidekick
sidekick	fuck you
beware	beware
beware	take care
doctor	racula
hello	georgie
okkay	two things
oh	and action
hunted	despised
oh that	mexico
mexico	was
oh wow	continues
bela	sighs
eddie	i m sorry
no	no
okay	okay
hunted	despised
cut	action
i love you	and
eva	duarte
duarte	de pern
50	60
60	70 be
eyes hair	face image
i love you	and
eva	duarte
duarte	de pern
eyes hair	face image
bye	take care
margaret	he lost
let me see	let me see
always	win
and uh	next time
so	good night
ok	hit me
peter	mr rosen
pig	it is too
look at me	look at me
go go	stop it
david	if you go
david	if you go
my david	don t go
genius	really
really	yes
hello	daddy
hello	daddy
bye	take care
fantastic	more
shh	perfect
mr wigand	mr wigand
vocalizing	no dialog
you won	yeah
bullshit	come on
hello	hi hi erin
king	joker
fine	fine
am i late	yes mr sow
okay	of course
here we go	becareful
captain	yes sir
excuse me	hi
for	class
do you	no
come on	well done
get down	stay down
no	silly
let me in	talk to me
john	william
patcher	patcher
charles	charles
hey chief	cigarette
cigarette	no thanks
hello	hey john
good night	good night
patcher	yes sir
goodbye	see you
how is he	good
cigarette	no thanks
hello	hey john
good night	good night
goodbye	see you
and she	you know
distracted	yes not me
i forgot	you forgot
oh yeah	oh yeah
oh yeah	oh yeah
go ahead	go ahead
let s go	yeah
get up	yes
look atyou	green eyes
green eyes	cocoa skin
green eyes	cocoa skin
green eyes	cocoa skin
green eyes	cocoa skin
what	what is it
papa papa	papa
papa	papa
you	up
yitzchak	yitzchak
du	du du
du	du
hey boy	come here
come here	come here
szpilman	szpilman
papa papa	papa
mama mama	mama
dorota	oh come in
oh come in	i
dead	oh
oh	um
all well	thank you
no no no	wladek
szpilman	szpilman
no sir	punk you
why	uh well
me	yeah you
just what	just
hmm	okay
jesus	jesus ha
jesus ha	jesus
jesus	jesus
hallelujah	hallelujah
you	stay
hell no	okay
hey slim	what
fish	fish
difficult	difficult
dis a ship	dis a ship
sir	okay
hey cheryl	hey hey
yeah	oh
so	um so um
fine	good good
see	uh
mm	mm
laughs	what
what	nah
nah	nothing
nothing	what
mm hmm	so
mm hmm	um
thank you	what
no	it s cute
yeah	oh
i will	good night
good night	good night
sighs hi	ohh
organizing	organizing
laughs	look it
not to me	chuckles
talk to me	jerome
huh	anybody
i have	okay
okay	when
when	sighs
okay	how was it
how was it	i hated it
i hated it	it was t
why	i threw up
i threw up	why
why	why
why	because
panting	come on in
but	um
okay	that is it
yes sir	all right
well um	sighs
yeah	sighs
i know	you know
you know	yeah
laughs ohh	you knew
no	so
i know	it s berta
it s berta	yeah
all amen	all right
yeah	cleveland
i will	ahem
trustin	crying
sobbing	sobbing
for real	yeah
who s this	guess who
guess who	antwone
you can t	okay
chinese	chuckles
antwone	antwone
my god	wait
good night	bye
you did	mm hmm
mm hmm	oh baby
oh baby	mmm
who	jess
no i i	no no
yeah	yeah yeah
yeah yeah	you sure
hey eva	hey
my mother	my mother
good	yeah
yeah	so
no sir	punk you
why	uh well
me	yeah you
just what	just
hmm	okay
jesus	jesus ha
jesus ha	jesus
hallelujah	hallelujah
you	stay
hey slim	what
fish	fish
difficult	difficult
no more	lord jesus
dis a ship	dis a ship
sir	okay
hey cheryl	hey hey
yeah	oh
so	um so um
fine	good good
see	uh
mm	mm
laughs	what
what	nah
nah	nothing
nothing	what
mm hmm	so
mm hmm	um
thank you	what
no	it s cute
yeah	oh
thank you	sighs
i will	good night
good night	good night
sighs hi	ohh
organizing	organizing
laughs	look it
not to me	chuckles
talk to me	jerome
huh	anybody
i have	okay
okay	when
when	sighs
okay	how was it
how was it	i hated it
i hated it	it was t
why	i threw up
i threw up	why
why	why
why	because
panting	come on in
but	um
okay	that is it
yes sir	all right
well um	sighs
yeah	sighs
i know	you know
you know	yeah
laughs ohh	you knew
no	so
i know	it s berta
it s berta	yeah
all amen	all right
yeah	cleveland
i will	ahem
trustin	crying
sobbing	sobbing
for real	yeah
who s this	guess who
guess who	antwone
you can t	okay
chinese	chuckles
antwone	antwone
my god	wait
good night	bye
you did	mm hmm
mm hmm	oh baby
oh baby	mmm
who	jess
no i i	no no
yeah	yeah yeah
yeah yeah	you sure
hey eva	hey
my mother	my mother
good	yeah
yeah	so
ratty	hanratty
hanratty	han ratty
frank	goddamn it
you didn t	i didn t
what	oh gosh
hey dad	hi
i won t	thanks dad
thanks dad	yep
excuse me	oh yes
hey	yes
thank you	purchasing
certainly	thank you
mi	yes yes
m milk	0 knots
0 knots	check
gear up	dear dad
no	no
no	no
nice	sit down
thank you	good
some steps	steps
take care	okay frank
hello	hi
cheryl	yes
300	go fish
uh 500	go fish
go fish	600
600	go fish
okay	1 000
1 000	okay
hello carl	hello
brenda	yeah
dr harris	present
present	dr ashland
dr ashland	dr conners
yeah	oh my
okay okay	hurry back
frank	frank
amdursky	yeah
france	france
carl	carl
no gun no	no gun
look	frank
of	help me
responibil	needed
needed	franck
he didn t	i didnt t
always do	excuse me
milk	80 knots
80 knots	d1 roted
oh dammed	stupid
euh 500	go fish
go fish	600
hey what	tuvia what
chuck no	sobbing
i love	zips pants
fired	yeah fired
fuck	fuck you
chuck hi	what hi
what hi	oh
i m penny	i m chuck
no no	no no
uh sure	yeah uh
both laugh	wow great
hull	chuck
chuck	hey
ba	al
al	al
aah	what the
gunshot	bell tolls
woman hi	hi
man wloo	that means
only fools	rusl in
witl	you
thanks	yeah
fuck fuck	penny fuck
yeah	laughs
all oven	tlis land
all oven	tlis land
tlis land	ool
all oven	tlis land
tlis land	tlis land
ooh	oh
thanks	bell tolls
or	or what
mr walsh	one more
amen amen	amen
joe	ned
who s in	ugh fold
aaah	ohhh
steve	no
you ready	1 2 go
i quit	what
20 huh	yup
you ready	1 2 go
i quit	what
20 huh	yup
you ready	1 2 go
i quit	what
20 huh	yup
i am yours	save me
i am yours	save me
order	order
i m luther	ulrick no
compassion	compassion
no	i did
kneel	kneel
now go	go quickly
hello	goddamn it
cancer	diagnosis
diagnosis	mrl
mrl	cancer
hello	goddamn it
cancer	diagnosis
diagnosis	mrl
mrl	cancer
hello	honey
i love you	i love you
you	yes
anna	anna
anna	yes
going down	yeah
i remember	what
no	sorry
my god	again
peter	simon
simon	back here
you	yes
oh no	mmm
mmm	mmm
mmm	ooh
ooh	ooh
ooh	eee eee
eee eee	ooh ooh
all right	who is it
paris	bonjour
hi baby	david
cab s here	okay
no no	oh
doc	dr hacker
dr hacker	doc
georgia	oh yeah
on my mind	yeah
30 a week	uh deal
uh deal	oh yeah
624	yeah
moaning	is that it
whoops	laughing
oh no	mmm
mmm	mmm
mmm	ooh
ooh	ooh
ooh	eee eee
eee eee	ooh ooh
baby coos	okay
all right	who is it
inhaling	paris
paris	bonjour
ray	coughs
hi baby	david
shuddering	all right
no no	oh
doc	dr hacker
dr hacker	doc
grunts	moans
georgia	oh yeah
on my mind	yeah
all right	who is it
hi baby	david
cab s here	okay
no no	oh
doc	dr hacker
dr hacker	doc
m mr cash	m mr cash
mr cash	man j r
jack	mm hmm
beautiful	jack
i do	oh i do
maybe i am	maybe i am
hold on	hold on
no	i do
bye	coffee
you too	take care
yeah	yeah
yeah	fourteen
yeah	keep it
hey lou	hey john
hey john	you okay
yes sir	be careful
she knows	laughs
laughs	she knows
mr cash	yeah
hi	hi
hey	hey
june	open up
uh oh	whoo
in 1964	hey johnny
june hey	hi john
my back	easy boy
don t	thank you
oh no	wait
enough	please
sayid	sayid
sayid	jack
no	now
lassparri	no flowers
oh dear	come in
forward	fall in
i know it	the stick
the stick	impossible
match	i m sorry
excellent	very good
very good	good
good shape	cream
it s here	harrumphs
humming	aren t you
sit down	no father
now row	i m rowing
i know	hurry up
no	feels good
i m in	magic
raus hier	raus hier
yeah easy	easy
all right	come here
no	it says so
orders	orders
oh my god	yes yes
yes yes	yes yes
hiya	oh hi
i promise	come on
don t stop	don t stop
cherry	cherie
cherry	beauregard
cherry	woman yes
cherry	what
we re from	magazine
honey	announcer
oh honey	announcer
announcer	come on
lts what	lts
cherry	yes
cherry	hi bo
cherry	yes
groans	laughing
laughing	thud
thud	thud
a boy	a dog
bo o o oy	boy
heh hottie	gasps aah
by himself	here alone
here alone	the dog
bonk	clap clap
click	snap
screech	sniffing
sniffing	panting
boing	what spot
vroom	chomp
screech	cawing
gasps	vroom
rattling	whoosh
whoosh	ooh jeez
spot hey	thunder
ha ha ha	thud
thud	ahh
yeah 666	wait look
honk ooh	fweep
fweep	spo t 665
uhh	click
humming	zap
oh boy	oh no
no o o o o	zap
aah	clanging
no wait	struggling
struggling	nuts
nuts	over here
over here	struggling
struggling	get down
get down	whirs
lan	gasps
whoa	what
the what	uhh
gasps	all right
uhh	uhh
yes we are	gulping
mary lou	who
oh no	oh yes
whoa	grunting
sighs	thunder
clang	both grunt
stammers	hey
applause	whoosh
gasps spot	ha ha
sighs	cries
yeah yeah	what what
grunts	ow
growls	ohh
no	zap
zap	whoa whoa
whoa whoa	aah
whoa	hey
uh oh	olh dann
aah wacko	zapping
zapping	aah
uhh	cool
zap	whoosh
whoosh	beeping
dog	woof
ls through	yeah
yeah yeah	yeah yeah
bow wow	wow wow
groans	laughing
laughing	thud
thud	thud
a boy	a dog
bo o o oy	boy
heh hottie	gasps aah
by himself	here alone
here alone	the dog
bonk	clap clap
click	snap
screech	sniffing
sniffing	panting
boing	what spot
vroom	chomp
screech	cawing
gasps	vroom
rattling	whoosh
whoosh	ooh jeez
spot hey	thunder
ha ha ha	thud
thud	ahh
yeah 666	wait look
honk ooh	fweep
uhh	click
humming	zap
oh boy	oh no
no o o o o	zap
aah	clanging
no wait	struggling
struggling	nuts
nuts	over here
over here	struggling
struggling	get down
get down	whirs
lan	gasps
whoa	what
the what	uhh
gasps	all right
uhh	uhh
yes we are	gulping
mary lou	who
oh no	oh yes
whoa	grunting
sighs	thunder
clang	both grunt
stammers	hey
applause	whoosh
gasps spot	ha ha
sighs	cries
yeah yeah	what what
grunts	ow
growls	ohh
no	zap
zap	whoa whoa
whoa whoa	aah
whoa	hey
uh oh	ol danrn
aah wacko	zapping
zapping	aah
uhh	cool
zap	whoosh
whoosh	beeping
dog	woof
ls through	yeah
yeah yeah	yeah yeah
bow wow	wow wow
hi	still mad
beauti	ful
no never	jerk
i dunno	veal
yes i can	pathetic
what	emile does
and me	what am i
con artlst	sardlne
i m late	hi angela
dunno	i m scared
or maybe	i il do it
no it s	no it s
lights out	lights out
lights out	it s sad
here we go	once
yes	and this
hello	hello
ours	oh
no what	nothing
peter	peter
yes	uh ohh
me	or you ohh
who women	oh
uh ohh	no thanks
wallet	comb no
oh	oh
wait wait	taxi
taxi	back up
jean louis	jean louis
jean louis	jean louis
no	oh
well	oh yeah
one minute	yes
i	lnspector
lnspector	clouseau
ham ham	bur bur
periodicos	periodicos
periodicos	periodicos
14151 1 12	782892 bwd
well we go	we go
we are	we are two
ponton	now
allow me	hmph
spit spot	george aah
waiter	waiter
ya hoo	ya hoo
stay awake	don t nod
don t nod	and dream
and dream	stay awake
stay awake	don t nod
don t nod	and
and	dream
and laugh	too
too	how nice
tuppence	a bag
tea	all from
my	name is
dae su	dae su
ah great	dae su
dae su	hey dae su
one	two
and iover	but
but	but
sir	sir
i m mido	you see
you see	later
give it	to me
fareweii	oh dae su
oh dae su	fareweii
joo hwan	did i
don t move	don t move
now	here we go
dae su	yeah
dae su	what
joo hwan	joo hwan
joo hwan	dae su
dae su	dae su
huh	let me go
p	penthouse
sir boss	woo jin
i love you	dae su
ten kids	hey guys
kids	admiral
okay look	okay
stop hey	hey stop
hey stop	guys
helen	atten hut
whites	excuse me
go kelly	go kelly
what	thank you
hello hi	it s me
it s me	hi
i m sorry	i am too
ethan mick	lau kelly
gold	gold
gold	gold
my brother	he s dead
yeah 30	yeah two
gold fever	gold fever
gold fever	gold fever
gold fever	deal
gold fever	gold fever
gold	they
i was born	i was born
behind	the door
what	dust
mr holmes	yes
no	think
bruxelles	oui
think	pensez
dr watson	she s gone
she s gone	gone
nothing	nothing
nothing	holmes
hammer	chisel
maybe	shh
e valladon	hmm
dago	amen
hm	where
where	hospital
good army	morale
oh no i uh	i forgot i
i forgot i	oh oh oh
oh major	oh frank
oh yeah	oh
ready	set
oh	uh
what	you don t
you don t	all right
all right	okay
yeth pith	pith
big shot	well
no never	no
but why	because
you dig	so get up
so get up	all right
yeah okay	bye
you bet	hey brenda
y eah yeah	well
piggy on	ah
don t move	vermin
bas yes	here i am
come back	they home
the cat	poisoned
la di da	annie who
bomb scare	what
uh waiter	waiter
by rko	oh
oh brad	oh damn it
oh damn it	i m mad
i m mad	oh janet
oh janet	for you
yes	oh
magenta	columbia
makes me	shake
oh janet	janet
janet brad	rocky
janet brad	rocky
aliens	dr scott
und i did	hey
no	no
no	no
go	now
the earth	the house
at least	i think
no news	nothing
tell me	think
think	i m
not really	you see
tomorrow	please
and	clayton
clayton	sidney
mouthing	food fight
i il say	what
it s funny	very funny
doubtful	maybe
whistling	cheering
rea d	third
she s dead	laughing
so hit it	crashing
crashing	good
mr dorfman	hello
hello	0 2
hi	hi
hi	i m larry
what	why
yes	do it
well	wonderful
it s green	it is
pope	pope
pope	what
yes russo	russo
i am	you re not
it s me	i know
clouseau	yes
bri	aah
biggus	dickus
hello	matthias
oh shit	coming
cc n	cccru
amen	cheering
thud	creaking
i can t	i can t
oh	no
no no	no
if only	i
i	joseph
come	there look
amen	amen
how iong	sobs
demand	demand
go	go on
mary mary	mary
master	master
master	master
watch out	aaargh
aaargh	watch out
aaargh	satan
leave him	gasps
my nets	sobs
go on	foilow him
women	huh
huh	i ask you
lie	yes
explosion	laughter
how true	golly
nervous	yes
yes	first time
every day	bill
gate nine	gate ten
take one	one not
got it	bye dad
a sorority	no
yes no	no yes
no	oh ok
booger	wormser
wormser	toshiro
wonderful	door bell
hair pie	thank you
thank you	hair pie
e l e l o	jeering
toshiro oh	nerds ah
all laugh	agh
you won it	laughter
take it	wait betty
wait betty	c mon
ooh	ooh whoa
down	down
down	down
totally	totally
really	buttface
so	so
tights	shut up
shut up	goddamn it
eat	my
my	shorts
yeah	maybe so
and you	hey
whenever	a lot tons
milk	soup
son	yeah dad
oh	oh
stupid	worthless
fuck you	bam
ahh	fuck
oh shit	coffee
we re dead	no
ahh	three
three	two
two	one
one	ahh
ah ah	ow
why not	go away
who cares	i care
brian	hmm
all right	i il do it
i il do it	great
truth	no
how gray	charcoal
open wide	say ah
say ah	aah
uh huh	which one
which one	margaret
me	come on
clang	ah oh
don t	get up
all right	bad dog
yeah	uh huh
uh gordo	back here
so	so
utah	utah
get up	i m up
who	his wife
tonight	movin in
tonight	tonight
joy	beauty
what cecil	yes
mom look	oh god
nancy	it s nancy
hi hi	charlie
well we	bye
ow oh oh	groaning
aaah	screaming
screaming	groaning
ringing	hello
ringing	ringing
what	tw
giggling	foxy
hello	hello
drop it	punk
punk	ringing
hello	hello
hey	stand up
honking	watch it
sobbing	laughing
hi	come on in
evening	evening
hey yes	wait
i see	so long
shoop	all right
keep it	you guys
nice tie	oh baby
pam	hi
shut up	run run
have a cow	damn
ready	begin
now	shit
c c	c c c
c c c	c c c c
c c c	drop them
sir	sir sir
thank you	oh god
whoa whoa	whoa whoa
ugh	aw jeez
one	two
two	three
three	six
nine	ten
what	aw jeez
come on	shit
you reckon	too right
oh shit	jeez
get him oz	get down
no	ozzy
ozzy	frank
holy shit	derek
ohh shit	come on
hey	what s new
huh what	jim yeah
all right	go ahead
taxi	oof
sir	sir sir
sir sir	excuse me
hey hey	hey
excuse me	excuse me
excuse me	excuse me
hello	who is it
no	milk
milk	no
hi larry	hi liz
ring	hello
hello	hi
hi	well
good night	good night
goddamn	what what
what what	that s it
del	hmm yeah
aah	oh no
oh no	ooh
ooh	oh
oh	oh oh
count it	263 right
empty	what
i m owen	grunts
30 miles	maybe 40
woof woof	growling
yeah	me too
ok	i see
so uh	good luck
v 5	v 5
hey hey	hey hey
you	god
god	goddamn it
goddamn it	goddamn it
ohh	ahem
chicago	chicago
chicago	chicago
nope	oh i know
ahh	done
done	ah lovely
oh damn it	what now
no problem	thank you
uhh	ohh
ohh	ahh
oh my god	hey
hey	hey
hey	horn honks
terrific	thank you
thank you	honk honk
oh my back	ohh
ohh	god
ohh	ohh
what	what
kindness	kindness
kindness	kindness
why not	because
ohh	ohh
i have uh	diner s
please	have mercy
aah	ha ha ha
ow	buzz
buzz	aah
all right	all right
all right	oh geez
yeah	here we go
here we go	reverse
aww	huh
whistles	78 huh
yeah	so ok
hiya kiddo	daddy
daddy	hey hey
410 0430	of course
she jumped	help
drink	you too
bitch	get down
yeah	george
ok	yeah
yeah	otto
otto	yes
yes	ok
ok	what
what	the plan
i know	i know
a b b big	c c car
c c car	getaway
getaway	a limo ok
good	aaagh
ken	bye
otto	yes hello
passport	tickets
tickets	money
ok	ok
do you	no
no	no
no	ok
so	trust me
oh	i see
leach	right
now	george
hey	wake up
erm	mozzarella
aaagh	ooh
no no	ken ken
ok no look	i m sorry
oh my god	ken
george	m m m
m m m	moved
sorry	thank you
thank you	fuck
not guilty	really
yes	oh my god
oh my god	what
nix	zip
zip	diddly
diddly	bupkiss
volare	oh oh
oh oh	e cantare
e cantare	oh oh
all right	all right
i can t	please
nice doggy	nice doggy
oh	oh fine
no	not yet
champagne	aaagh
hello	hold on
kill kill	kill
kill	kill
kill	kill
er	not granny
not granny	not yet
thank you	lavatory
lavatory	wanda
wanda	anything
anything	what no
no	ok bye bro
ok bye bro	bye wanda
hong kong	ah so
ouch otto	come on
apologise	pardon me
pardon me	apolo
apolo	what
what	right
right	i m sorry
i m sorry	no
no	not to me
not to me	to archie
fuck you	i m s
i m so	very s
very very	ssfff
aagh	oh god
i m sorry	please
please	i m sorry
agh	i m sorry
i m sorry	i m sorry
i m sorry	er er
er er	yeah
champagne	ok
no	what
afterwards	yeah
archie	hm
archie	yeah
i m sorry	what
what	i m sorry
er	ok
ok	look
thomason	yeah
then f f f	yeah four
h hello	hello otto
delicious	you b b b
almost	stop
mm mm	yes
where	where
where	oh
oh	you m m m
what	oh
my brother	did your b
yes	yes and
wanda	i i wonder
i i wonder	i wonder
i wonder	i wonder
darling	mr leach
mr leach	darling
darling	yes dear
yes dear	you bitch
taxi	come on
oh my god	asshole
what	ca ca ca
the ca ca	hotel
hotel	hotel
ca ca ca	it s ok
the caa	the
the	ca
ca	the caa
the caa	no hurry
the caa	the caa
caa	caa
caa	the caa
the caa	oh come on
great	luggage
oh no they	shut up
oh yeah	shit god
good wait	death
i m sorry	revenge
two	gorbachov
gorbachov	glasnost
glasnost	molotov
molotov	blinis
blinis	er lenin
er lenin	pushkin
next	next
hi	hi
great	mr baskin
mr baskin	mr baskin
excuse me	brennen
brennen	baskin
exactly	come on
gesundheit	all right
well	yeah
i know	leave it
baskin	baskin
backhand	yes
susan	susan
race you	come on
josh	josh
well	you
no ha	no
no	why not
mom	mom josh
barb honey	we re dead
help	it s otho
two words	right
come on	betelgeu
i got an a	so can l
well	i suppose
none	address
address	none
children	none
sedatives	what for
parties	weddings
funerals	holidays
holidays	vacations
mark	clark
arthur	art
art	dad
you okay	yeah
your bonus	my bonus
bravo	bravo
hi	a handyman
up out out	oh no
no	no
red	better
ringing	hello
sighs what	blocks
okay	mmm
oh no	what
kiss	mr lewis
brave	a moment
any thing	any thing
hey hey	yeah
fuck this	gunshot
how much	2 measures
who s next	i am
what paper	hard times
thanks	come on
it s me	hi
thanks	sit down
come	come
here	thanks
try it	try what
come on	still
let me	explain
perfect	don t move
i fell	yes aurore
sex male	so
600 300	400 800
except you	catch
yeah	come in
yeah but	flakfizer
look at it	hold it
oh	freddy
knocking	upstairs
stan	shut up ok
mr gambini	stand up
fry em	she il do
all right	all right
i m sorry	fuck
yes	thank you
actually	no no
party time	excellent
excellent	whoo
waa	waa
waa	waa
waa	excellent
uhh uhh	ohh ohh
ohh ohh	ohh ohh
ohh	ohh
sure	uhh
uhh	uhh
party time	excellent
all right	excellent
excellent	whoo whoo
whoo whoo	all right
all right	excellent
excellent	excellent
galileo	galileo
let him go	bismillah
let him go	bismillah
for me	for me
to die	oh baby
ooh	oh yeah
oh yeah	oh yeah
yeah whoo	excellent
excellent	way to go
way to go	whoo whoo
eeew	uhh
uhh	ugh
no	no no
open it	o k
o k	o k
a gun rack	a gun rack
a gun rack	yeah great
wayne	hey
party on	yo
party whoo	yeow party
yeow party	excuse me
excuse me	whoo
ohh	ow
ohh	yeah
yeah	ohh
ohh	ohh ohh
ohh ohh	ohh
cassandra	cassandra
uhh	uhh
uhh	uhh
no way	brutal
more	rrrrrrr
rrrrrrr	cool
cool	all right
schwing	schwing
mmrreowww	ssss
party time	excellent
hi	hi
chokes	no no
hmm	yes
yes	yes
ah hmm	yes
yes	yes
party	whoo
thank you	oh
wayne	hi wayne
hi wayne	hi
uh	hi garth
hi garth	uh
uh	hi
look out	aah aah
o k	aah aah
aah aah	whoo
whoo	whoo hoo
great	come in
o k	in 5 4 3
in 5 4 3	good terry
in 5 4 3	guys
delaware	hi
what	exactly
you may	shall we
o k	game on
game on	game on
game on	game on
honk honk	car car
game on	game on
wayne	yeah
honk honk	car car
game on	game on
hey mickey	hey mickey
ha	foxy
camera one	camera two
camera two	camera one
camera one	camera two
camera one	camera two
camera one	camera two
camera two	giggling
my drummer	o k
o k	you what
oh	whoo
oh wow	yes
yes	cool
you know	cassandra
cool	1 2 3 4
1 2 3 4	5 6 7 8
5 6 7 8	schlemiel
schlemiel	schlemazel
y y y	oh thanks
huh huh	oh
we re scum	we suck
o k	oh russell
good luck	my guys
o k	wayne
in 5	4
4	3
party time	excellent
and go	5
5	4
4	3
uh	uh
uh	uh
hello	hello
o k	bye
no way	way
go then	i am go
so uh	slurping
yeah	whoo whoo
yeah	touch me
aah	aah
wayne	go home
let s go	down now
thank you	all right
party time	excellent
waaa	ow
waaaow	whoo
whoo	yeah
whoa	look fire
skidding	as if
to be live	or not
so	medicine
good	ok
hello	you are
yes	i
really	so
mei we zi	mei we zi
is it	be us
mei wei zi	mei wei zi
mei wei zi	mei wei zi
save me	please
with who	fought
meiweizi	no
no	meiweizi
don t move	stop
stop	stop
ai li ya	5i
clear sky	yes
stop	please
you stop	let me go
work	i gotta go
good night	good night
truth	truth
okay bye	bye bye
deal deal	fine fine
please mom	yes yes
yes yes	yes yes
what hey	hey hi
great	friends
what hi	hey
like that	okay
son	morgan
absolutely	yeah
shoo	shoo
one two	yeah three
thank you	jed
my makeup	oh
quick	okay
hello	hi
king	king
king kong	larry king
home	home
home	england
come on	move it
blinkin	who s that
he s dead	yes
save me	save me
here	eat this
what air	sorry
hey man	tough room
hoodwinked	bamboozled
bamboozled	run amuck
swords	quivers
good boy	ready men
not blow	blow
d e d	dead
guessing	i
perfect	every time
here	allow me
allow me	thank you
with	you
l il bet	oh darling
virginity	oh marian
prepared	sire
lt s good	archers
i lost	i lost
i	i
i	do
do	not
charge	jump
oh it s	not so bad
i object	who asked
my friend	ahchoo
ahchoo	all right
darling	what
y i 5	y i 9 11
over here	aah
arnie	y i hurry
y i hurry	let s go
come here	aah
bye	gilbert
hey	hey
hey	y i hey
whoa	whoa whoa
whoa whoa	y i hey
stop it	stop it
coughing	shh
momma	mm hmm
shh	shh whooo
i forgot	what
arnie	not again
no	aah
um	thank you
hello	hi hi
it s so	limitless
oh um	what
good night	night
y i oh no	oh no
no	it s ready
any guy	but
sweet	emotion
emotion	sweet
sweet	emotion
sweet	emotion
shit	hey coach
hey coach	so tell me
i m yours	i know
thanks hmm	hey
i know	so um
hi	ow hi
thanks man	good luck
simone	hmm
all right	slow ride
ooh ooh	slow ride
ooh ooh	slow ride
slow down	go down
hold me	roll me
yeah	ooh ooh
ooh ooh	slow ride
slow down	go down
hold me	roll me
whoo	ow
woman	woe man
woe man	whoa man
betty	judy
hi	hi
or	okay
ralph	no no
no no	oh ralph
like what	anything
what is it	hi charlie
untrusting	unknowing
unknowing	unlovd
you okay	no i m not
marry me	no
harriet	be my wife
yes	you will
full house	yes yes
i m benny	with an n
it s paint	yes
what	what oh
good night	good night
love sam	wow
tapioca	oh yeah
no	you
you	cindy
no yeah	yeah
yeah	great
joon	what
joon and	and i
joon	ok
i know	me too
hey deidre	bill
sorry shlt	what is it
boring	ready
bravo	fabulous
and i meet	my baby
oh shit	get her
murray	rock
oh silly	my turn
jenny	come on
hey stupid	quit it
run	o k
o k	run
ohh	that hurts
forrest	forrest
come on	come on
come on	thunder
oh	oh
it s o k	sorry
o k	gump
oh ooh ooh	ha ha ha
and died	in every
in every	single
get down	shut up
hey tex	hey tex
move out	1 2 hup
ambush	take cover
man cooper	larson
gump	gump
mcmill	johnson
i was	lieutenant
lieutenant	dan taylor
come on	go
good	o k
feedback	yeah yeah
feedback	silence
speak up	that s it
forrest	forrest
jenny	forrest
forrest	stop it
stop it	stop it
stop it	forrest
i il go	far out
hey hey	whoa
hey	ah ah
9 8	7 6
7 6	5 4
5 4	3 2
3 2	1
so i went	again
security	yeah sir
which way	over there
this	boat
you know	i went
i went	and so
runnin on	runnin dry
runnin dry	runnin on
it happens	what shit
what shit	sometimes
hey	forrest
thankyou	i ate some
yoo hoo	hey
hey	hi
hi	hey you
hi	your tie
hi	hi
yes	well l
o k	hey
reg please	right here
no no	man
mj	mj
mj	mj
murph	murph
oh no good	oh man
psych	stop
tracy	all right
once	twice
twice	once
oh	whoa
whoa	oh
oh	whoo
back ok	uh huh
right	why
hey coach	hi again
deal	good
whoo	whoo
tracy	what
hey	hey calvin
calvin	calvin
calvin	calvin
tray	tracy
tracy	tracy
tracy	man
hmm	right
aah whoa	cannonball
whoo	oof aah
tracy	tracy
huh huh	uh huh yes
uh huh yes	yeah
what	well
yeah	well i
hello	here
hey whoa	darn it
ha ha	ah
your game	is over
aaah	uhh
we should	we should
yeah	yeah
hey murph	hey t time
ha ha ha	ha ha
i am old	i am tired
i am tired	i am hot
i am hot	i am cold
work joe	shit
crazy	or get out
oh my god	excellent
no	yes what
romantic	or
new york	it s 1958
drops	44 floors
44 floors	45
hate them	you
dope	dipstick
creator	lnnovator
lnnovator	cerebrator
cerebrator	fake
she isn t	she is
bromo	bromo
go	go
go	eagles
eagles	eagles
go eagles	go eagles
adenoids	lumbago
back off	smoocher
you know	for kids
for kids	your words
your words	not mine
buddy	oh buddy
precisely	nuts
go	eagles
fight on	fight on
it s a fad	anyway
open up	awful
awful	just awful
idiot	a moron
signifying	nothing
a play	show me
acceptable	sir
and you	me
die	i think
full packs	20 miles
law one	law two
law three	mercy
four	terror
dismissed	captain
he got him	let s go
i got him	i m sorry
a savior	i m just
his name	is
europe	any word
all right	that s it
that s it	wait
nor rain	nor heat
okay then	okay then
sure	i mean
i mean	why not
you re so	beautiful
good	thank you
good	everything
hannibal	ad portas
ad portas	hannibal
please	quick
of course	what
no	tell us
boy	he s smart
want some	no thanks
no shit	no shit
nothing	everything
everything	is here
or why	sir
a war	i was
lieutenant	ready
tabula	rasa
rasa	gentlemen
famous	i was once
i was once	sort of
sort of	kind of
how many	3
3	3 okay
law seven	it is
law three	mercy
ford don t	law eight
open up	awful
awful	just awful
idiot	a moron
signifying	nothing
a play	show me
acceptable	sir
someone	someone
and you	me
die	i think
full packs	20 miles
law one	law two
law three	mercy
four	terror
dismissed	captain
no	i can t
he got him	let s go
i got him	i m sorry
get him	that s it
my sister	in denver
a savior	i m just
his name	is
europe	any word
all right	that s it
that s it	wait
nor rain	nor heat
sure	i mean
i mean	why not
you re so	beautiful
good	thank you
good	everything
you can t	can t
hannibal	ad portas
ad portas	hannibal
don pablo	metaphors
weird	weird
beatrice	what is it
metaphors	metaphors
naked	madonna
small ones	go on
now	now i know
comrades	comrades
hear that	hurrah
your mall	thank you
how come	listen
female	excuse me
don pablo	metaphors
weird	weird
listen	good news
thank you	what is it
metaphors	metaphors
and you	and he
naked	madonna
yes	sad
sad	sad
sad	all right
yes	thank you
go on	that s it
one	number one
small ones	go on
go on	number two
now	i know
comrades	comrades
hear that	hurrah
keep back	comrades
comrades	the end
hello	what
nope	sighs
yes	hip hop
he s right	i love her
my face	shall live
hello	what
nope	sighs
yes	hip hop
he s right	i love her
my face	shall live
hello	what
nope	sighs
yes	hip hop
he s right	i love her
my face	shall live
the taste	taste
some more	please
daughter	dad
helicopter	crash
um	no
ted mmm	ted yes
yep	yep kid
yep kid	gotta go
gotta go	listen kid
bell dings	bell dings
hissing	bell rings
clicks	bell rings
ahh	mmm
eewhh	and now
w whoa	uh uh
uh uh	no way
no way	nope
rings	what
now	this
l	i i
great	satisfied
grunting	whoa
let alone	theo
hmm	gasping
help me	help me
help me	help me
help me	help me
humming	chuckling
truly	and deeply
gimme that	let me see
growling	gimme this
behave	yes papa
buzzing	front desk
go ahead	sniffing
sniff s	sniff s
sniff s	sniff s
begin	aaah
hits toe	oh shit
chuckles	uh oh
hey mama	hi baby
grunts	plop
plop	grunts
oh my ride	bye mama
aw man	mutters
mutters	huh
huh	nothing
your mama	fuck you
fuck you	fuck you
man look	huh
you what	i lost
hey man	shut up
alright	look
look	he need me
oh yeah	smokey
smokey	smokey
smokey	smokey
all right	shut up
shut up	whaaa
yeah	dizam
dizam	fuck
hello	cllck
cllck	dlal tone
you a hype	what
what	you a hype
well	nigger
get off me	get off me
get off me	get off me
fuck you	squeaklng
hello	dlal tone
get on up	fuck you
thank you	unh
i know	coughs
craig	craig
craig	craig
craig	hold up
listen	shh
yes	yes
oh shit	is it cops
come here	sit down
hi smokey	what s up
craig	what s up
light skin	long hair
long hair	i m big
for real	no shit
oh felisha	yeah
ooh	um
who	craig
ohh	man
door opens	ahh man
ahh man	hey dad
hey dad	ohh
slam	father hey
stop	hey wait
hey wait	ice cream
oh shit	wait
wait	ice cream
come here	come here
40 60 80	100
100	120 140
my money	mama
craig	worm
worm	damn
damn	what s up
ahem	uh uh
uh uh	hell no
hell no	psssh
psssh	yeah
yeah	uh uh
ey	come back
come back	alright
mama	shit
number 2	shit
man	fuck
mama	shit
smokey	smokey
jol what	what
protection	protection
who	dee bo
uh huh	dana dana
go	huh
aah	stop
hey dana	what
ok	ok
ok	alright
alright	bye smokey
who is it	that girl
ok	hey mama
hey mama	what
come here	what
what what	bye bye
ezel	smokey
creaklng	damn
boo	punk
calm down	what
beeplng	shit
earlier	damn
you ok	yeah
alright	8 30 right
8 30 right	yes
hey 7 30	laughs
really	yeah
ooh bop	fashion
fashion	fashion
here	forget it
crash	oh as if
look wow	girls
fine	amber
sure	she s nice
gasp	no no
yeah	yeah wow
closer tai	oh great
hold that	o k
yeah hello	ring
oh no shit	hello
i got it	heads up
uh	that clone
sorry	ha ha ha
ha ha ha	hey summer
away	turn away
turn away	turn away
turn away	turn away
why not	why not
cut it out	come on
come on	stop it
get down	whimpering
1	2 3
oh tai	don t cry
don t cry	i m sorry
i m sorry	crying
crying	oh my gosh
oh my gosh	stop
nice stems	thanks
oh	so o k
thank you	cheering
christian	doll face
doll face	handsome
handsome	mmwaa
mmwaa	stunning
a dress	says who
bye daddy	come on
i love him	right
o k	uh
tai	whoa
whoa	oh my god
hagsville	see
hi	hi
no	why not
o k	good
hi	hi
he s gay	not even
not even	yes even
shut up	aah
aah	aah
aah	aah
what	the jacket
aah	aah
y yeah	you sure
it s over	it s over
no	and then
since when	since now
yeah	o k
really	really
miss geist	cher
daddy	what
sure	ah cool
ah cool	ha ha
hi	hi
he s not	no
dragon	snake
tiger	panther
panther	crane
fat yan	i m coming
i swear	i will
yes	great
sweetie	honey
honey	sweetie
sweetie	honey
what else	and
let me try	no
hubby	honey
honey	hubby
hubby	honey
honey	hubby
a 2	i four
i four	got it
got it	bingo
d 4 and 7	h 2 5
h 2 5	got it
got it	two six
2 6	got it
got it	yes
i tell you	yes
yes	so you
let s go	let s go
wait	what s up
hubby	hubby
he	honey
honey	you
shut up	damn it
miss	may l
right	right
right	correct
correct	correct
line up	bastard
you	be fair
game over	i am sorry
yeah	yeah
yeah	yeah
yeah	yeah
i m sorry	mr bacon
chomping	snarling
groaning	sit
no artemus	no sol
cool	hey
uh wardell	what oh
scoffs	oh damn
kane	y i kane
don t uh	uh i m so
grunting	panting
wow	wow gosh
go roper	shouting
do it	grunting
uh yeah	mmm
mmm	hello
okay	let me see
let me see	yeah yeah
huh	hmm
get out	ohh
oh god	here
hey hey	ooh
shoot	hey tray
page me	aaah
aaah	i m coming
ohh ohh	oh mama
shad	shad
dad	dad
time	time
drowned	oh my god
good night	good night
really	really
my lint	fresh
fresh	hot lint
i said two	goddamn it
damn	look
okay	good boy
oh finally	what
boss	three
black	no sugar
shad	shad
dad	dad
time	time
drowned	oh my god
good night	good night
really	really
my lint	fresh
fresh	hot lint
i said two	goddamn it
damn	look
okay	good boy
oh finally	what
boss	three
black	no sugar
all dead	white meat
white meat	you prick
six weeks	six weeks
what	shut up
wake up	sex
what out	come on
beautiful	exotic
sick boy s	i dunno
fuck it	fuck it
it s dawn	she s dead
tommy	stop it
it s me	rents
here	doncaster
doncaster	four forty
fuck	fuck
sex groans	casual sex
casual sex	snoring
snoring	panting
whimpering	groaning
right	continues
winces	crying
clear	aye
you go	here
yeah	yeah
yeah	bad boy
what	well
la	la la
la	la la
was i	sorry
smoke no	no thanks
okay	here we go
hey	the munson
oh creepy	i m sorry
thanks	you okay
tennessee	kentucky
what	half a mil
i il try	t a n g o
t a n g o	t a n g oh
yes	mr clark
none taken	hi
here they	ouch
oh	hi
ok	hey hi
shit	dad
bye	mrs clark
damn it	no not you
shh	i do not
she would	no
excellent	oh jesus
mr clark	john
couple 109	couple 110
couple 120	couple 121
couple 121	wow
yes	126
126	go dad
horn blast	stop no
sorry	oh
paulina	thanks
i promise	oh sure
i love it	awesome
oh miss	diet
diet	right
reaily	good iuck
better	now putt
open it	shit
shit	oh man
volkswagen	jackass
happy	rules
stop stop	be stiil
be stiil	dont
chuckles	no
ahh i see	and he is
and he is	unmarried
um	well no
well no	yes
yes	yes
knightley	knightley
well then	well then
well then	chuckles
almost	amen
amen	bell rings
happy	w well i m
thank you	thank you
shoes	shoes
why	because
so what	nothing
okay	why france
say what	and here
got a coin	go on
not bad eh	thanks
nice place	cheers
cheers	here chief
what	what is it
why	the crisis
3 03	great idea
heartfelt	touching
sure	attaboy
oh my god	wait
susie	william
ready	lift
coffee	please
of the 303	ten hut
yes what	jezz
3 03	great idea
ok	hi
susie	william
coffee	yes please
mayor	pal
show me	ok
here here	what
where here	yes
pal	pal
don t move	go to hell
wanna bet	look well
no	have mercy
huh	come down
what a day	come on it
hi	hello
ina	maybelle
bullet	of bullet
who s that	ok ok
bullet	dad
dad dad	one two
bullet	bullet
bullet	let him go
here	here
let s go	let s go
so what	listen
ah so	bullet
move	get down
well	yeah i
who	scott
all yours	lou
well	i think
a question	go ahead
yeah	yeah
good	i m happy
i m happy	happy mm
i swear	how many
men	yeah
you do	yes
f scott	yeah
you ready	yeah
not enough	but enough
so	so
hello june	hello ward
mom	great
hello	angusie
one	ready
all right	just sign
deer goose	goose deer
goose deer	deergoose
sorry	hurry up
cocteau	cocteau
you re it	gustav
hunt	hunt away
i can t	i won t
hello	surprise
surprise	pest yup
verdell	verdell
that s it	let s go
look out	excuse me
bye	bye bye
come on	come here
no	all right
i can t	chicken
strip	what strip
what strip	why
don t move	don t move
back off	back off
slowly	okay
no	french
blonde yes	tall yes
no	stop guys
oh shit	quick tom
well	all righty
oh	yeah oh
what	say it
hello you	hello you
i can t	why
am i wrong	ok then
did it not	fuckin a
we have it	we have it
vagina	oh yeah
dude	that s
leads	yeah sure
am i wrong	well he
nihilists	fuck me
guys	you guys
love hurfs	love scars
i know	so look
oh my god	oh yeah
somebody	more like
more like	nobody
oh my god	oh shit
you know	yeah
lichter	lichter
hey renise	hey
ah uh	cool
hey guys	hey mary
ah	who
my my	my my
my my	huh wiener
whoa	ted uhh
ted uhh	whoa
huh	uh oh uh
good	cool
rock on	i m in
i m in	me too
woogie	woogie
woogie	oh
oh	i see
hi ted	hi mary
ohh	all right
urinating	cooing
ted hmm	sheila ohh
oh no l	oh gasps
ted shit	zip
zip	ow
ow	aah
aah	aah aah
it	oh it um
shh shh	shush
shush	quiet
what is it	what no
you ok	yeah
yeah	holy shit
spraying	ow
ow	ow
ow	christ
christ	what the
what the	god
a one	and a 2
and a 2	and a
crash	aah
aah	ted
aah	ohh
sure	aah
aah	oh
mary ok	ok ted
sighs	you know
the big l	hmm
hmm	ever been
ever been	what
what	in love
in love	well
well	once
once	mary
mary	oh god
i did	once
yeah	yeah
ahem	zips pants
dead	were you
mmm	super bowl
my god	really
with who	with uh
who	roller pig
pat healy	hmm
fun stuff	yeah
barks	ohh
uh	i nah
7 minute	abs
abs	right
oh my god	ted
ted	ahem
wait one	wait two
hmm	mm hmm
hmm	shit
no	no
no	no
no	devil man
delilah	get me 814
get me 814	814
oh	hold up
the truth	truth
yeah	great
chuckling	growls
over me	continues
blows nose	sighs
whoa	excuse me
gasps	you drive
bullshit	uh oh
chuckling	no
oh fuck	panting
loud roar	holy shit
up up	well i uh
love	continues
hmm ohh	a z
a z	panic
loud grunt	oh fuck
argh argh	argh argh
as a roach	because
dramatic	continues
whoo oh	well sighs
get a grip	maintain
five hmm	five
christ	no oh fuck
viva viva	las vegas
las vegas	whee
the truth	truth
yeah	great
chuckling	growls
over me	continues
blows nose	sighs
whoa	excuse me
gasps	you drive
bullshit	uh oh
chuckling	no
oh fuck	panting
loud roar	holy shit
up up	well i uh
love	continues
yeah	gentlemen
gentlemen	gentlemen
oh oh oh	oh
uh sure	oh
mmm	mmm mmm
fight	ah ah
shh	shh
oh oh	help me
aw	aw aw
yeah	what dude
whoa	hey
dude dude	dude dude
yea	whoa
it s	good
hey ho	hey ho
hey ho	all right
all right	coop what
oh thanks	hey baxter
hey baxter	got milk
dude	dude
dude	dude
dude	dude
he s quiet	he s weird
4 6 29 83	at 9
smile	hey smile
vegas	all right
hi	hi
excellent	gentlemen
hey boys	hi
woo ha ha	woo
call 9 1 1	don t move
uh uh	fish
shit	oh fuck
oh fuck	they know
they know	calm down
calm down	man hello
door opens	hello
come on	come on
i got toes	ok relax
all right	sighs
sighs	dear god
hello	it s me
it s me	hey
what	children
hi daddy	oh
we re late	boyd right
boyd right	let s go
laughs	michael
fine	whizzers
aah	kids dad
oh my god	giggling
laughing	now
god bless	god bless
god bless	god bless
shut up	laura kyle
no boyd	no
oh	oh
aah	aah unh
aah unh	never
i m sorry	i m sorry
i m sorry	i m sorry
i m sorry	screaming
canceled	canceled
goosed	man hey
michael	michael
my adam	crying
what	ok ok
ok ok	aah
aah	sobbing
laughing	sparklers
lois	lois
lois	adam
ahhhhhh	ow
ahh	jesus
yeah	ok great
no yes	no yes
ok	showtime
go get em	hoooo
choking	laura boyd
sure	great
i m there	excuse me
murmuring	gasps
fuck	you know
yes	shit
shit	sighs
it s clean	it s cold
chuckles	panting
set red 22	red 22 hut
wow damn	mumbling
oh yeah	huh i m
country	braying
yes	okay now
i know	37
it s gone	shit
don t move	roll over
roll over	roll over
mr tobias	miss t
mick	pnub guys
not really	you
excuse me	sorry
here	asshole
cuff me	okay just
you missed	pnub
pnub	bite down
could you	this way
this way	easy
druid time	right
right	let s go
dos	tres
tres	quatro
quatro	ah
ah	ah ah hoo
son of a	ass ooh
ass ooh	i just
milton	hi uh
na na	na naga
no	no man
well yeah	nothing
nothing	nothin huh
i m sorry	go on
heh	however
melts away	way
way	way down
way down	unh
way	way down
way down	two
whu whu	one
dee	beeping
ring	beep
ring	beep
well	no
no	i mean
i mean	sometimes
you are	michael
hi	hey
ahh	wow
yeah ok	mumbles
eech ooh	yeah um
great	mumbles
oh shit	shit shit
scuse me	scuse me
all right	hey peter
hey peter	yeah
honk honk	hey man
aunt ha	yes
ok speed	speed
cut	what is it
what for	what for
no	don t go
cuckoo	tin sau i
cuckoo	cut
mr juarez	oh yes
bar	ru
ru	bell lu
bell lu	l carol
l carol	ta shar
ta shar	susann
susann	emm ily
emm ily	mar lar
oh mmm	oh mmm
door opens	lotte hi
right now	uh huh
bye bye	chuckles
oh my god	panting
oh my god	oh
um when	mm tonight
hi	hi
screams	dial tone
bye	i did it
thanks	this way
fuck	dinner
whimpering	crying
hangs up	screeching
maxine	i m busy
i know	i know
together	yeah
door slams	ooh
ooh	eh
never pay	add water
bu yes	hurry
hurry	here
they sing	watch tv
done	beautiful
any pearls	no
i m	proposing
it shows	yes
however	what
what	i
i	what
no	yes
yes	really
really	really
really	no
no	yes
yes	honest
honest	honest
bu	what
ls it true	yes
5 30	why wear
why wear	a watch
yes boss	call me
get a buoy	right
right	come
come	hands off
hands off	easy
you okay	i m fine
hold tight	close
no	look again
thanks	you okay
you re	name s bu
name s bu	bu
nosy	naughty
naughty	naughty
naughty	and no one
name s bu	boo bu
hungry	starving
starving	me too
no way	please
yes sir	who s k k
names	i forgot
you okay	i il live
it s you	you okay
you okay	yes
what	nothing
scared	never
you dance	of course
right	ready
yes	no more
never	more moves
okay	there
there	run 1 2 3
thank god	else
and if	well
right	yes
tougher	smaller
smaller	and
a masseuse	a masseuse
a masseuse	why not
my command	bye
help	it s you
it s you	where s bu
mr chan	thanks
lw	what s up
grow up	nuts
you okay	you win
i love you	or i don t
my fault	no way
wait	let go
let go	no
what	i
so cold	albert
opener	forget it
a game	is fun
and	so cold
too much	not at all
not at all	enough
1 2 3	down
yes	not bad
styrofoam	lw s stock
just to	get even
get even	i won t
again	forget it
forget it	what
what	nothing
sir	call 91 1
yes i am	rematch
rules	no rules
you won	i lost
i lost	why
watch it	no sweat
sure did	good
yes	shut up
how s that	just right
that nerd	so dull
son	mom
mom	my albert
my albert	mom
come back	bu
bu	get lost
get lost	bu
bu i	shut up
bu	shut up
bu	shut up
shut up	bu
kiss her	kiss her
you re	xiaojun
really	bu bu
bu bu	wow
classic	so uh
right	all right
all right	oh bugger
hi	oh my god
well	i think um
come on	open up
yeah	tricky
tricky	tricky
well	perfect
hi just	checkin
unexpected	thank you
good night	good night
hello	hello
what	nothing
what	what is it
thank you	shall l
she	she
she	oh she
uh sure	uh here
bugger	groans
groans	uh oh
piano	continues
right	uh
oh why not	spanish
spanish	spanish
classic	so uh
hi will hi	hi
hi	hi what
right	all right
well	i think um
this is me	spikey
yeah	tricky
tricky	tricky
well	perfect
hi just	checkin
unexpected	thank you
good night	good night
hello	hello
what	nothing
what	what is it
hi	hello
thank you	shall i
she	she
she	oh she
bob safe	excellent
just	excellent
ah hey hey	hi ike
sighs	you look
applause	whistles
chuckles	stop what
exhales	ready
anyway	oh sniffs
i am	streaking
no	maggie
maggie	uh mag
thanks	here
whoa spit	let s go
maggie	no no
no no	maggie
it was you	it was you
yes i did	i didn t
alleluia	cheering
hi call me	told you
josie	ohh
really	la sabre
i am happy	besides
hey guys	hi
stand up	stand up
um we were	sheep
yes	i m 17
hi	nasty hi
nasty hi	hi kristin
hi	i m guy
i m guy	hi
ha ha	ok
move it	come on
gus	hi
hi hi	uh
yes	it s rufus
dartmouth	but um
no	no
ok	ok
ok	whoa
whoa	no
uh yeah	definitely
oh heh heh	my penguin
and mr rob	mr rob
that s me	yeah
yeah	all right
crazy	you are
no	no
whoo	whoo yeah
so	surprise
rob	hey josie
really	no
no	not really
josie	josie
josie	josie
josie	josie
ooh aaah	yeah yeah
hmm	so anita
josie	ohh
reaily	la sabre
i am happy	besides
hey guys	hi
stand up	stand up
um we were	sheep
boy baa	baa
baa	baa
baa	giggling
yes	im 17
hi	nasty hi
nasty hi	hi kristin
guy hi	im guy
im guy	hi
ha ha	ok
move it	come on
no hmm	ohh
forwhat	um
ring	heilo
ding ding	12 15 18
12 15 18	oh yeah
whoo	laughter
josie	laughter
tonight	tonight
gus	hi
hi hi	uh
dartmouth	but um
no	no
laughs	thats nice
whoa	giggles
giggles ok	ok
ok	giggling
giggling	whoa
whoa	no
uh yeah	definitely
oh heh heh	my penguin
giggles	heh heh
and mr rob	mr rob
thats me	yeah
yeah	aii right
aii right	whoo
cheering	yeah
crazy	you are
no	no
whoo	whoo yeah
so	surprise
rob	hey josie
reaily	no
no	not reaily
josie	josie
josie	josie
josie	cheering
thankyou	ahh
ahh	ohh
hey	hooting
hooting	cheering
song ooh	ooh
ooh aaah	yeah yeah
go on	what go on
what go on	i think
that s it	i think so
yeah i do	good
dr sobel	ma am
i m sorry	sorry
penne	good
i can t	no i can t
blend	blend in
sit down	sit down
fuck you	calm down
mo mo	bigs
bigs	eddie
you	i tripped
do i	you
ok	oh
oh yeah ok	hi yeah
one	ok ok
betty	betty
something	charlie
what	an idea
sure	thanks
oh oh ok	ok ok ok
ok ok ok	ok um
oh no no	no
red do 10	screeching
screeching	wailing
and that	ah
sure	banging
16 1 2	action
pay day eh	no
damn you	smile
smile	cheers
quiet	ready
bravo	thank you
how	how ow ow
how	how ow ow
andhold	hold it
lovely	oh god
hold it	hold it
hold it	hold it
come on	get it on
and down	up you get
go	go go
boxin or	wrestlin
no way	no way
no way	oh hello
ow get off	wow
christ	come here
ohyeah	whoo whee
whoo whee	yee haw
no no no	it s me
extend	reach out
and one	lift out
lift out	and close
and close	and one
and one	lift
sorry	sorry
yeah	ooh ooh
doctor	excuse me
janni gogo	janni gogo
your wife	why
he won t	i promise
barbecue	barbecue
certainly	thanks
trust me	trust me
sorry	hello
okay	famous
famous	what
yeah sure	great
let s go	tickets
ouch	get up man
oh yeah	yeah
some ice	crushed
crushed	definitely
thanks	excuse me
i meant it	because
okay	thank you
okay	what
what	sure cosmo
nice	and
and	thank you
is that	chris yeah
what	cigarette
cigarette	oh tobacco
aniki	kato
hide them	all right
woman	damn
do it	do it
no thanks	why
yes sir	but boss
run away	what
what	where to
come on	come on
get out	get out
oh shit	holy shit
squeak	squeak
uh hmm	mm hmm
pete	pete pete
pete pete	pete pete
pete pete	pete pete
man laughs	thunder
thunder	ok
oh death	whoa death
oh death	whoa death
all no	and so
whoa	no no son
it s true	crowd boos
george	hello boys
you	got to go
you	whoa got
got	to go
whoa	oh lord
there	hey
hey	by
by	yourself
got	to go
to go	there
there	ohh
ohh	by
by	yourself
yourself	mmmm
o come	angel band
o come	angel band
please	i love you
nick honey	later
gasping	scoffing
grunting	okay okay
sighs	great day
all right	mm
yeah sure	heavy
thank you	ooh
shaking	groans
no	no erin uh
uh well i	let s see
no	no erin uh
dorm rooms	hmm
whoo	hi
oh really	come on
no way	sexy mama
you do	yeah
broncos	ready okay
whoo whoo	yes
hey hey	hey mickey
oh oh	you
dorm rooms	hmm
whoo	hi
no way	sexy mama
you do	yeah
broncos	ready okay
bye br mm	mmm
hey hey	hey mickey
oh oh	you
come on	come on
mm mmm	superb
barks	growling
to see	hey what
coos	yeah
what	not it
i love you	ohh
giggling	uh
and but um	it s funny
oh	oh jack
oh annie	i love you
hey	hey
you okay	no
right	thank you
rabbi	larry
okay jimmy	okay
piss off	piss off
nice watch	what
what	oh this
okay danny	huddle up
look	bundt cake
shane	what s up
what s up	just
no	i m good
give me a	i i
jesus	goddamn
blue 42	hut
green 11	green 11
oh ow	jesus
wild yam	yeah
better	better
bees	bees
bees	bees bees
come on	quicksand
huddle up	huddle up
98 shake	98 shake
it s late	yeah
ready	blue 89
blue 89	blue 89
no	no what
yeah coach	it s over
i m done	what
martel	he crossed
thanks	thanks
traffic	suit up
hart	yes sir
rough day	the worst
then	in 96
yeah	yes
hot	i m sorry
miss hart	please
yeah	yes
yes	yes i did
mom	oops
nose groin	sing
my god	i did it
this is it	the moment
yeah yeah	yes
and	moved
moved	and
oh my god	look at me
look at me	muffin
who	oh no
yuck	let s move
yeah	whoa
sighs	disappear
crying	sighs
forget it	sniffles
he s okay	good
yea violet	oh oops
whoa nice	oh yeah
yeah	whoa
cowboy	cowboy
with you	ha ha
he s okay	good
fine	okay
oh yeah	okay okay
oh my god	it s you
it s you	oh fuck
uh huh	whoo oo
chi hmph	wow
kyle kyle	kyle
whois this	hold on
who s beth	uh
thank you	thank you
anything	anything
anything	anything
fine	okay
oh yeah	okay okay
oh my god	it s you
it s you	oh fuck
uh huh	whoo oo
groans	okay next
come on	rings bell
grunting	groaning
whois this	hold on
who s beth	uh sighs
thank you	thank you
anything	anything
grunting	screaming
screaming	shouting
sherman	sherman
oh	classical
dynamite	yeah whoo
sighs	mm
ofcourse	farts
oh mama	women ooh
goddamn	sniffii ng
vomiting	cring
oh sherman	oh no
you you	you you
you you	oh
oh	clesius
bad boy	sol easy
a what	a caravan
your what	his ma
are	off
oink oink	shit
and doug	sharpish
fuck you	shoot me
okay	avi
dr murphy	ronk
crockett	tubbs
oh oh	oh charles
how	showtime
showtime	playboy
playboy	hey
oh yes yes	yes yes
air bags	air bags
air bags	taxi taxi
taxi taxi	hey
hey	taxi
taxi	taxi taxi
love me	thank you
whitney	lance
lance	l lance
sontee	thanks
ohhh	mm mm
hey ross	rusty
blue	call
all reds	yeah
haley	call call
he came	he grabbed
basher	peck atf
excuse me	hey
hey	excuse me
excellent	take care
well	ya
zerga	yes sir
are a man	yes 19
yes 19	have wife
yes	no
ross	yeah
eighteen	black jack
i m fine	i m fine
ok	yes
ten	nine
nine	eight
two	one
alright	now
i would	good
wait	wait
you liar	thief
fellas	all reds
all right	i fold
holly call	call
he came	he grabbed
basher	peck atf
stand back	here we go
tess	huh
i do now	come on
shit	cut it
tess	tess
wait	wait
huh	the
not my mom	it s not
hey	awright go
your	thanks
you own it	yeah
it s great	yeah
how is it	what
what	the water
the water	fine
tits	fuck you
doing this	thing
what	we rob you
oh good	good
good	um okay
um okay	i got it
no	no
move	okay
let her go	awright
hmm	yeah but
it doesn t	no cause
really	really
oh yeah	um
um	uh bingo
really	yeah
yeah	you know
of blow	uh greg
greg	score
oh shit	greg
ha ha	bitch
sure	alone
alone	okay
hun	jewel
jewel	jewel
oh my god	oh my god
oh my god	oh my god
you got it	you got it
sure	thanks
no not	not really
sex	oh
thank you	oh
oh	i m sorry
time s up	what
good after	no thanks
him	huh
huh	no
aaah	aah
huh	the
not my mom	it s not
hey	awright go
your	thanks
you own it	yeah
it s great	yeah
how is it	what
what	the water
the water	fine
doing this	thing
what	we rob you
oh good	good
good	um okay
um okay	i got it
no	no
move	okay
wait	um
let her go	awright
i guess	oh
hmm	yeah but
it doesn t	no cause
really	really
oh yeah	um
um	uh bingo
really	yeah
yeah	you know
of blow	uh greg
jewel greg	score
oh shit	greg
ha ha	bitch
sure	alone
alone	okay
hun	jewel
jewel	jewel
oh my god	oh my god
oh my god	oh my god
you got it	you got it
sure	thanks
no not	not really
sex	oh
thank you	oh
oh	i m sorry
time s up	what
good after	no thanks
him	huh
huh	no
aaah	aah
y m c a	y m c a
bad salad	sweetie
sweetie	pooh bear
i love you	liar
elle	law school
thanks	welcome
cool	me yeah
hi	hi
wow	guys
what next	ms woods
me	yes
like this	good snap
good snap	come on
really	sure
silence	pardon me
you bitch	chuck wait
order	oh my god
oh my god	oh my god
oh my god	oh my god
thank you	thank you
elle elle	what
left	left
left	left
1 0 1	1 0 1
82nd	82nd
er guys	guys
guys	guys
guys	what
will you	hm
whoa stop	stop
uh oh	jackpot
sure	why not
35	29
what is it	a burn
no shit	i like her
yeah	elwood
oh really	yeah
aren t you	a fiasco
ok	man
fuck	fuck
ok	ok
robyn	come on up
come on	come on
sometime	sometime
four	hens
hens	brood
brood	here
here	henceforth
so now	now
bredoteau	sorry
goodbye	suzanne
that s me	why
why	it s about
no thanks	no
earl grey	jasmine
come in	come on in
wait	wait wait
excuse me	excuse me
yes	sit down
surely not	yes
good	good
moscow	there
yes	sorry
very good	collignon
do you	want
want	to meet me
lady di	lady di
lady di	renoir
sam	samantha
amlie	amlie
hey	hey
now what	wait there
ringing	hello who
oh my god	ooh prada
mignon	mr mignon
thank you	thanks
what	how did
stop stop	is it over
i m jon	i m sara
no	no
thank you	i need 187
up up	right
right	perfect
perfect	pagoda
hey jude	na na na
man margot	uh huh
good	very good
very good	chuckles
out you go	let s go
look alive	fire
bell dings	lobby
good night	look at me
that way	grunts
sighs	oh my love
oh my love	oh
sighs	knocking
hello	hello
damn	ethel
ethel baby	i am dying
what dying	yeah
no	you speak
who	my wife
sighing	yes i did
hmm	what
of course	richie hi
dad	groans
groans	mom
inhales	now cough
sighs	okay
giggling	whoo hoo
whoo hoo	yippee
chas hey	what
holy shit	that s not
come here	what
by the way	okay
chuckling	great
coltrane	what
no	you didn t
you didn t	no
no	okay
i know	plus uh
okay	okay what
she smokes	yes
you did	yeah
richie	richie
thanks	please
desmond	i guess so
i know	poor eli
they did	yeah
going up	yeah
are we	of course
me too	me too
oh	quietsigh
do they	mmm
from you	yes
knocking	henry
oh yeah	i forgot
yells	chas eli
chas eli	what
what	hey man
gasping	chas
is he dead	yeah
no	ready
derek i m	i m sorry
oh no	down
magnum	holy moly
go set	hike
b 17	bingo
bingo	bingo
bingo	abe
is it dead	no
i il stand	i m a
my house	okay look
darren	sandy
oh shit	what is it
still can	oh really
oh really	ready and
but	well
yes well	my dear
okay	damn it
hi wow	hey
hey	shit
dude	hi coach
wait	sorry
i do	what neil
me too	really
go set	hike
b 17	bingo
bingo	bingo
bingo	abe
is it dead	no
game s on	game s on
i il stand	i m a
my house	okay look
darren	sandy
still can	oh really
oh really	ready and
but	well
yes well	my dear
okay	damn it
wait wait	wait sandy
hi wow	hey
hey	shit
dude	hi coach
wait	sorry
i do	what neil
me too	really
go set	hike
b 17	bingo
bingo	bingo
bingo	abe
is it dead	no
game s on	game s on
i il stand	i m a
my house	okay look
darren	sandy
still can	oh really
oh really	ready and
but	well
yes well	my dear
okay	damn it
wait wait	wait sandy
hi wow	hey
hey	shit
dude	hi coach
wait	sorry
i do	what neil
me too	really
sighs	so ha so
anymore	ohh
ohh	ohh
ohh	oh oh oh
mm hmm	danlel wow
danlel wow	huh
laughter	ohh whoops
one two	blows
l	oi
oi	oi
love love	oh
ohh mmm	ay ay
ring ring	ohh
ohh	ring ring
ring ring	mmm
mrs jones	mum julian
laughing	bollocks
bollocks	all right
all right	aah no
laughs	no no
hmm	and um
good	good start
oh	geoffrey
footsteps	heh heh
laughs oh	i m sorry
i m sorry	sorry
drops bag	bridge
bridge	bridget
whoa	ahh
ahh	ohh
laughs	brldget ah
brldget ah	sorry
great	i il do it
ok	grunts
whoo	whoo
whoo	whoo
hi there	hello
i just	yeah well
good night	look um
that um	in fact
well	bye
well	fuck me
laughs	barking
sorry	nothing
right	string
bye mum	hangs up
hangs up	ecch
thank you	laughs
laughs	sighs
hello	hello
it s ok	laughs
excellent	mmm yeah
mmm yeah	delicious
done what	this
this	ooh fuck
fight	man what
man what	well quick
ohh ohh	aah
uh ohh	uhh uhh
enough	enough
enough	wanker
oh	both laugh
my heart	sorry
well done	well um
swept away	by you
no no	not oh oh
mark	mark
mark	mark
good luck	mark
anymore	ohh
ohh	ohh
ohh	oh oh oh
oh	can t live
mm hmm	wow
wow	huh
daniel	jones
ohh	ow gooh
exactly	excuse me
l	oi
oi	oi
oh love	love love
love love	oh
ohh mmm	ay ay
ay ay	ohh daniel
ohh daniel	yeah
ohh	mmm
mrs	mrs jones
mrs jones	julian
bollocks	all right
all right	aah no
aah no	yes
daniel	bridget
hmm	and um
good	good start
bop bop	oh
oh	geoffrey
oh	i m sorry
i m sorry	sorry
bridge	bridget
oh	oh fuck
whoa	ahh
ahh	ohh
ah	sorry
great	i il do it
whoo	whoo
whoo	whoo
whoo	whoo
hi there	hello
i just	yeah well
yeah well	so
good night	look um
that um	infact
right	right
well	bye
well	fuck me
sorry	nothing
right	string
bye mum	ecch
ecch	oh
hello	hello
excellent	mmm yeah
mmm yeah	delicious
say	mmm
i m sorry	outside
done what	this
this	ooh fuck
fight	what
what	well quick
ohh ohh	aah
uh ohh	uhh uhh
jesus	uhh
enough	enough
enough	wanker
so	so
well done	well um
swept away	by you
yes	hi it s us
hi it s us	oh
no no	not oh oh
mark	mark
mark	mark
bollocks	oh god
mmm	obey
obey	enchanted
uhh	my lord
demon	oh no
bonjour	holy shit
hurry up	ahh
night	day
day	night day
are you ok	yes lady
hello	hello
hello	hello
ow	ah
lady right	i m sorry
ok ok	yay
hahahaha	thibault
thibault	thibault
ok	mm hmm
25 000	woo hoo
aaagh hey	say cheese
say cheese	oh ohh
oh	mmm
ohh	be careful
peasant	peasant
angelique	i m coming
ow	aah
wait	here
thank you	your grace
one moment	please
ohhh	hunter
you can go	no wait
hey guys	ma am
damn	go go
oh	oh
okay	bart
geesh	yes
oh	wow ooh
thank you	thank you
gerald	oh yeah
huh	silas
silas	but i can
screaming	fire
yo	yo coughs
both yeah	wolf calls
okay	bart
grunts	loud rock
ooh whee	barking
geesh	yes
word	word
screaming	ow oh god
funk	chattering
clucking	whoa ah
swing	swing
laughter	mutters
muttering	thank you
thank you	thank you
gerald	oh yeah
oh yeah	laughter
huh	silas
silas	but i can
i	l o v e
l o v e	y o
y o	oh
oh	you
you	dr martin
god	damn it
dear mom	fuck you
fine	don t go
hi hector	jesus
i blew it	i lost her
thejuice	the stink
nitro	dickhead
okay	big kiss
what money	what money
cheers doc	sorry boys
bye bye	i got it
me	you
hey	good luck
right	shit
okay	what is it
hello	yeah
yeah	okay i il
go go	go go go
okay	thanks
hold on	hold on
of what	denial
denial	denial
boring	safe
you know	i know
whoa hey	okay
okay	what
yeah yeah	wow
no loser	get a life
get a life	good one
i m yours	all yours
what	time
abner	abner
we will	a lot
oh really	oh really
oh really	what firm
please	please
sure	thanks
both of us	anyway
this hell	i don t
four	i present
l give you	ernie
guilty	of lust
hello	fine
but	plan b
you re not	good
good	because
say	ni ni
you re all	sweaty
oh yeah	well
yeah	so you re
so you re	married
okay	okay
yes really	how many
scooby	yeah
scooby	yeah
you know	stanley
no problem	i m cool
no mikey	but like
a lamppost	a sign
mi jesus	mi jesus
one	two
okay	um thanks
you know	famous
shut up	sorry boss
me	not me you
am i close	cold
taxi	oh
nah nah	hal
uh	weil yeah
bye bye	come up
come up	no what
slurping	ow
what	nothin
oh	daddy iike
cell phone	heilo
bye	bye
hi hal	hi
hi	um
cell phone	hello
bye	bye
hi hal	hi
hi	um
a cow	they mated
here	thank you
eddie	eddie
a cow	they mated
here	thank you
panama	panama
hey	harry
harry	mickie
coffee	thank you
burnt	scattered
scattered	fled
mickie	come in
okay	okay okay
harry	andy
not always	but mostly
don t	use him
use him	i love him
l d be	you d be
harry	what
yes	yeah what
tailored	helped yes
hello	marta
get out	get out
fort knox	ambassador
done	andrew
andrew	good night
esmeralda	esmeralda
yeah	shit you
when	when
hi dad	hi mum
vera baker	my baby
i did	phil
what the	get down
oh	randy
why	why do you
yes sir	yes
keep going	come on
aw	thank you
a kiss	wanna die
we re not	really
eww gross	kinda cute
where	anthony s
you cunt	excuse me
oh bitchin	yeah well
boo	please
pumpkin	pumpkin
we re not	really
eww gross	kinda cute
where	anthony s
you cunt	excuse me
oh bitchin	yeah well
boo	please
pumpkin	pumpkin
holy shit	yes
eiling	eiling
melanie	hey jake
hey jake	hey arthur
yes	ricky
i m okay	janey
it s whack	my bad man
marty	jake wyler
priscilla	don t move
daddy	hey nat
hang on	hi
just water	what
vanilla	get it no
huh	bye
new gi	yeah cool
one two	three
okay	okay
no tah dah	huh huh
cheers	cheers
try me	yeah okay
uh	a 7
f 6	uh
f 8	you uh
maybe	okay
okay	okay
higher	hah
see	no hole
ahhh	sighs
moaning	screaming
and lovely	cat miaows
cat	cat miaows
it s wood	hmm
hurry up	oh god
hi hi	um
snarling	drop it
drop it	snarling
snarling	drop it
four three	two one
screaming	panting
come here	groaning
hey groans	yells
applause	come here
no problem	mouthing
are you ok	i am
i am	good
thank you	i want you
straw	joke
canceled	damn
what	oh my baby
bye mom	bye honey
all gone	i m coming
we re here	it s us
my first	no no
honking	fuck you
fuck you	anyway
any luck	oh with
oh god	you saw me
i love it	thank you
buttercup	buttercup
buttercup	buttercup
no i never	okay fine
ke	what what
hey	hey
i dare you	all right
mom jewish	no but
no but	cute
oh yeah	oh my god
hi	hi sunny
oh shit	do you
oh my god	oh my god
again	hello
apparently	fuck
okay good	listen
vagina	vagina
va gi na	vagina
vagina	yes yes
not today	o kay
hey	hey
ouch	sorry
tom yeah	look at me
look at me	i love you
i love you	oh my god
oh my god	i love you
i love you	oh my god
i m hungry	yeah
eli eli	hey
eli	what
mmm	okay go
oh fuck	oh fuck
oh fuck	okay now
oh my god	guys
repressed	repressed
your turn	oh yeah
kiss	dude no
ooh ahh	amber
oh	gin
gin	gin
shit	ohh
ohh	god
uh oh	ow
oh shit	oh ow jeez
aah	ow aah
um penis	okay
no	i m fine
thank you	anytime
good luck	ahh
yeah	yes
yes	yes we can
wow	wow
oh oh no	help
help	help
oh fuck	oh fuck
repressed	repressed
your turn	oh yeah
kiss	dude no
one two	three
ooh ahh	amber
oh	gin
gin	gin
shit	ohh
ohh	god
uh oh	ow
oh shit	oh ow jeez
oh	oh
aah	ow aah
oh	oh
um penis	okay
no	i m fine
thank you	anytime
good luck	ahh
yeah	yes
yes	yes we can
oh oh no	help
help	help
the lord	our lord
help	very funny
hey jo	who s jack
oh god	dammit
hey hey	you
what	when
when	oh my god
yes ma am	gina
gilly	gilly
one two	three
cops	see ya
gilly	jo
jo	oh my god
little	words
truth	tricia
that hurt	that hurt
let go	thank you
i m sorry	i m sorry
get out	i m blind
good night	good night
i il do it	thanks
stand	in
in	line
little	words
i love you	yeah baby
c mark	action
oh my god	cut
aah	fuck this
fuck this	father
fuck	yes
aah	silence
silence	mmm
mmm	holy lord
father	father
father	huh
ha ha	stop it
ha ha	zip it
right left	right left
right left	uh son uh
uh son uh	right left
right left	right kick
right kick	uh son
uh son	uh psych
all right	yeah man
what man	oh
oh thanks	i m cindy
i m cindy	buddy hey
ow	hello
i m cindy	cindy
ooh	ok ooh
ok ooh	oh yes
that one	this one
this one	ha
hi guys	hey hey
hey hey	hey buddy
oh oh	hey guys
come on	fuck it
uh	uh
mmm good	all right
all right	make room
my germs	ha ha ha
ha ha ha	my germs
come play	ha ha
ha ha	hello
ow	buddy
ok enough	god
oh thanks	buddy what
mm hmm	mmm mmm
oh	oh ok
oh ok	hello
yeah	come here
ooh	hey
hey	too dirty
aah	oh aah aah
aah	1 2
aah	oh god
hey	uh uh
uh uh	aha
aha	ha ha
your wife	aah
oh shit	oh my god
oh shit	oh shit
oh	hi theo
correct	what if
woo hoo	hey look
what	ew
shorty	shorty
shorty	shorty
shorty	oh
oh	damn
hold it	aah
aah	aah
ok wait	good luck
good luck	i love you
shorty	shorty
shorty	aah
ok ok	oh aah
oh aah	ohh
ha ha ha	ha ha ha
whoo	ooh
ooh	ha ha ha
wedgie	ha ha ha
ok	aah
oh	are you ok
are you ok	ow
oh shit	ohh
ohh	no no no
oh great	like
breaker	oh my god
ow	ah
oh shit	ow ow ow
mmm ohh	oh cindy
aah	ha ha ha
oh	aah
aah	ah ah
ha ha ha	whoa
whoa	ow ow ow
ow ow ow	ha ha ha
ha ha ha	aah
ha ha	aah
oh whayaaa	whoa
whoa	whoo
uh	help
ahh	come on
aah	eww
no	no why me
aah	aah
aah	oh
shorty	got me
whoo	ahh
hi yah	aah
whoo ok	boo
boo	come on
come on	aah
aah	oh aah
aaaaaaah	oh nooo
oh nooo	oh
oh	ohh
hi yi	aah
aah	whoo
ow	shit
hi yah hah	heee
aah	ha ha ha
are you ok	i m fine
oh	yes yes
hello	oh hi dad
nooooo	yes
or what	or what
betty	betty ann
c w	yes
oh papi	i m sorry
lily	we re here
i m living	i m living
yes	why
au revoir	bye bye
bye bye	bye
oh teddy	right yeah
thank you	sit sit
hi honey	i m good
i m good	at work
you quit	sometimes
and then	last night
last night	l couldn t
hello	hi hi
hi hi	look
bob	bob who
was	he s dead
76	77
bravo	beautiful
molly no	hi roma
call me	this week
hello	damn it
no why	just here
simone	simone
perfect	oh god
and now	now
excuse me	sure
sure	hello
it s dark	dark
dark	yeah very
together	absolutely
perfect	perfect
well	i suppose
addict	what
oh viktor	you dog
call me	this week
this week	please
hello	damn it
valarie	valarie
simone	simone
perfect	oh god
and now	now
excuse me	sure
sure	hello
dark	yeah very
together	absolutely
perfect	perfect
well	i suppose
addict	what
oh viktor	you dog
hello you	mom hi
mom hi	teddy bear
how can i	how do i
really	yeah i
yeah i	like what
like what	well
wait wait	sir please
wait wait	halt no
flight 522	nonstop
next	to barb
and	to my son
to my son	ted brooks
great gal	to lucy
never mind	forget it
nope	in here
get back	back
back	back
let me go	stop that
demon	wait
wait	mr thunder
mr thunder	look out
slump	slump
let me see	two
of course	thank you
good boy	excuse me
hey	hey no hey
no	oh no no
stop	stop
i m alive	i m alive
i m dead	i m dead
i mean	look at me
where am i	my my my
ted	what
that s it	afraid so
hi chester	hi buddy
ted	wait what
hi nana	nana
okay	all right
that s it	let s go
come on	oh well
last night	ohh mmm
good	mmm waiter
unh	oh
ready now	now ohh
now ohh	ohh
ohhhh	ohhhh
ohhhh	unh
unh	oh ho
oh ho	ohh
ohh	ahh
ow	just a sec
later pimp	later rrr
hey matt	matt
um	anything
oh	oh dear
great bye	bye
you ok	i m fine
aah	aah aah
yeah	hmm
oh	ohh
aah ahh	jerry
oh aw	boo
coming	hey baby
sure	thank you
thank you	aw
aw	uhh
no	aah
whoal	aahl
you can	ohh
relax baby	it s over
erica	oh shit
so wrong	so wrong
oh	good
hmm	that s it
fish	it s fish
shh	lilo
lilo	lilo
lilo	oh no
bubbles	mr bubbles
hey	so
so	lemonade
blah eww	lilo
answer me	no
no	no what
no what	no
yes	yes i do
hi	hoh ha
hoh ha	hi
hi	wow
whoo hoo	bah
hmm	oh
oh	ah
doo doo	doo doo
whee	uh uh uh
uh uh uh	yeah
hey	blah
uh b but	mm mm
mm mm	yeah
see	uh lilo
uh lilo	comfy
mmm	there
hello	nani
nani	hello
nani	nani
nani	uh yeah
uh yeah	look
uh yes	new job
aloha oe	aloha oe
l l	lost
um	uh uh
your way	oh uh wait
mm waiting	for what
family	ah
nani	david
stitch	what is it
what is it	shh
new rules	ha
ha	ooh
what the	ooh
no no	no
oh okay	thank you
you are it	oh i win
lilo lilo	lilo
lilo	lilo
lilo	lilo
lilo	lilo
lilo	lilo
aah	okay talk
who	what
o hana	huh
ih	fine
stitch	hmm
auwe	david
david	hey lilo
uh	sure
stitch	what
yes	thank you
cla	former
oh	good
hmm	that s it
whoa whoa	stop stop
fish	it s fish
shh	lilo
lilo	lilo
lilo	oh no
bubbles	mr bubbles
hey	so
so	lemonade
blah eww	lilo
answer me	no
no	no what
no what	no
yes	yes i do
hi	hoh ha
hoh ha	hi
hi	wow
whoo hoo	bah
hmm	oh
oh	ah
whee	uh uh uh
uh uh uh	yeah
hey	blah
uh b but	mm mm
mm mm	yeah
see	uh lilo
uh lilo	comfy
comfy	hey hey
down	mmm
mmm	there
hello	nani
nani	nani
nani	uh yeah
uh yeah	look
uh yes	new job
l l	lost
um	uh uh
your way	oh uh wait
mm waiting	for what
family	ah
even if	nani
nani	david
stitch	what is it
what is it	shh
new rules	ha
ha	ooh
what the	ooh
no no	no
oh okay	thank you
lilo lilo	lilo lilo
lilo lilo	lilo
lilo	lilo
aah	okay talk
who	what
o hana	huh
stitch	hmm
auwe	david
david	hey lilo
uh	sure
stitch	what
yes	thank you
cla	former
mush ow	oh come on
hmm	fuck you
all giggle	let s go
let s go	thanks
thanks	laughs
um barks	no
no	no
ohh	doofer
doofer	doof
doof	what
okay	pledge
pledge	pledge
cheering	direct hit
direct hit	whirring
grunting	sizzling
oh yeah	yeah
chuckles	hey girls
hey girls	groans
groans	hi belches
hi belches	ew
ew	laughs
uh dina	what
oops	gasps
twat	gasps
no	grunts
great	adina
thanks	that helps
sniffs	groans
oh yeah	oh yeah
daisy	oh
uh huh	giggles
oh	huhh huhh
excuse me	phone moi
fine	great
sick	oh ugh
ooh	it s okay
sobbing	yeah
whoo pms	uhh
groans	panting
panting	oh my god
sorry	i gotta go
i gotta go	whimpers
whimpers	bye
hmm	scoffs
psst psst	jimmy
jimmy	duh
duh	fuck
beeping	groans god
groans god	banging
banging	no sh
muttering	grunting
but i do	ohh
ohh	laughs
but i do	but i do
but i do	but i do
my breasts	yes no no
oh	cause um
oh no no	yep
no	come in
ah	ooh yeah
ooh yeah	humming
humming	oh
uh huh	sighs
ugly woman	ohh
ahh	uh oh
right	drink up
oww	crash
crash	dave
sorry	wingman
wingman	wingman
wingman	ugh
ugh	wuh oh
wuh oh	ohh
ohh	aaah
aaah	ohhhh
sobs	roberta
well uh	chuckles
ugh	panting
for a girl	growls
so	good night
uh yeah	good night
whimpers	i m
me neither	sighs
sighs	i m sorry
oh	arggh
arggh	ooh
last night	laughs
laughs	last night
last night	chuckles
the tape	yeah
yeah	ohh
ohh	the tape
aaaagh	growling
gasps	coughing
coughing	ahhh
waa	thud oh
thud oh	yaaaah
yaaaah	coughing
coughing	ohh
yah	yaahh
yaahh	ahh
eat it	gags
gags	thud
thud	ohh
yah	yah
go easy	groans
ahh	groans
groans	gasps oh
ohh	growling
aah	look out
aaaahh	aaaah
aaaah	aaah
aaah	ohh
oww	aah
grunts	groans
groans	all groan
it s a go	hit it
hit it	squeaking
ready	all break
all break	grunts
grunts	grunts
groans	laughter
groaning	all gasp
red 64	red 64
red 64	hike
hike	aaaaahh
aaaaahh	ugh
ugh	yaah
all d o g	cheering
cheering	horn honks
horn honks	fat ass
fat ass	horn honks
horn honks	groans
groans	grunts
um uh	um oh
oh yeah	hello
oh	both laugh
groans	no
no	grunts
gasps	scoffs
scoffs	ow
ow	chuckles
chuckles	grunts oh
leah	grunts
grunts	groans
men one	two
david	dave
dave	yeah
yeah	gasps
i m a dude	bro
ow	ow
grunting	waa ha ha
clank	look
who	me
me	dave
yeah	yeah
yeah	all right
right	laughs
yum	mmm
well uh	she s uh
oh right	she s a
sighs	crunch
crunch	mmm
mmm	thanks
roxie hart	roxy
lights out	smoke
double	act
baby	shit
i tell ya	cellophane
cellophane	mister
mister	cellophane
mister	cellophane
you	now
i tell ya	cellophane
you ready	yeah
billy	i m scared
i m scared	don t be
isn t it	nowadays
everywhere	nowadays
and that s	good
and that s	good
and all	that
freddie	fred
gladys	rosemary
rosemary	and irving
yeah okay	thanks
thanks	for nothin
baby	cheat
cheat	roxie
you ready	yeah
yeah	billy
billy	i m scared
i m scared	don t be
okay	okay
come here	come here
i will	and you
so	basil
okay	am i dead
shit	hot
hot	shit hot
damn	felix
oh no no	oh oh oh
aah	ah oh
i m not no	dude
including	lower
aah	ooh
kate	you want
yes	go go
heja	ouch
hollywood	oh
okay go to	oh no
hey kate	hey
good	hey
hey	hi
that s her	yes
yes	hey
excuse me	excuse me
hello	kate
kate	i m back
nice trick	oh my god
yes	oh my god
uuuh	uuh
hello	ah
yeah	mum
he did	yeah
jesminder	jesminder
yes	no no no
no no no	oh yes yes
miss	miss
you did it	yeah i did
mommy	walk
what	my pin
say mama	say dada
george	hi mom
help me	help
no	george
my plane	my plane
stuart	yeah dad
actor	dancer
dwaln cut	what now
silence	all bravo
a little	by myself
come on	taste
in my body	what music
see you	see you
carry on	thank you
says who	everybody
ohh	honey
yes	yes yes
yes yes	both laugh
both laugh	yes
um	andrew yes
lie down	go on stay
hey genius	sighs
hello	hel lo
groans	hi honey
well	oh my god
oh my god	melanie
melanie	lurlynn
get off me	ugh
pearl	jake
chuckles	sure i can
yes sir	i did that
i did that	i m sorry
don t move	yee haw
sighs	charmed
who	jake when
thud	sighs
what	truth
look	what
jake	just
drumroll	fire fire
fire fire	fire fire
fire fire	fire
i just	please
hi	hi
do we know	mo
hey	hey
ohh	chuckling
chuckling	sighs
i don t	no
my loss	my lonely
my lonely	my mistake
my mistake	mine only
mine only	mine all
mine all	mine all
mine all	mine
my mistake	mine only
mine only	mine all
mine all	mine all
says who	everybody
ohh	honey
yes	yes yes
yes yes	both laugh
both laugh	yes
um	andrew yes
lie down	go on stay
hey genius	sighs
hello	hel lo
groans	hi honey
well	oh my god
oh my god	melanie
melanie	lurlynn
get off me	ugh
pearl	jake
chuckles	sure i can
yes sir	i did that
i did that	i m sorry
don t move	yee haw
sighs	charmed
who	jake when
thud	sighs
what	truth
look	what
jake	just
drumroll	fire fire
fire fire	fire fire
fire fire	fire
i just	please
hi	hi
do we know	mo
hey	hey
ohh	chuckling
chuckling	sighs
i don t	no
my loss	my lonely
my lonely	my mistake
my mistake	mine only
mine only	mine all
mine all	mine all
mine all	mine
my mistake	mine only
mine only	mine all
mine all	mine all
is that	diz
hi i m	hawk
hawk	and i m
and i m	apache
hi estelle	hi
better now	okay cut
anthony	francis
very nice	bruno
bruno	excuse me
all right	thank you
miss me	guess not
pluto	bruno
bruno	bruno
bruno	let s go
dina	dina
boss	battery
battery	low
let s go	sorry boss
rex	boss
i m jane	bye jones
no	spill it
is there	damn
okay	say it
say it	only me
thug	mr thug
mm hmm	going down
and that s	uh yeah
uh yeah	hi
hi	hi
mm hmm	oh oh yeah
eat me	eat you
really	good luck
hello	sara moore
sara moore	yeah
yeah	listen up
sara moore	um no uh
hey	sara
taxi	oh
cool	oh
hey joe	hey lenny
20 20	20 20
okay	thank you
oh no	sara moore
hey	oh my sara
come on	whoa
20 million	mm hmm
mr and mrs	poppins
oh it s up	it s up
it s up	focusing
focusing	asshole
asshole	sara
nice	take that
oh ah	my word
see ring	no ring
you think	yeah
oh sara	yeah
yeah	really
yo tony	what
oh	oh no
oh no	no
you okay	no
oh	okay uh
okay uh	here
here no	i il do it
that fits	yes
yes	yee haw
yeah	good
oh no sir	amarillo
that s uh	room 17
room 17	thank you
bummer	hey
comfy	yeah
ow	yeah ow
oh	come on
thanks	thank you
thank you	oh sorry
okay	oh no wait
follow me	okay
nurse	excuse me
yeah yeah	page tony
i got shot	what
du durango	what the h
durango	durango
yeah	oh man
oh man	mm hmm
hi	holy
oh okay	do you
what	oh yes no
my gordy	oh boy
music	yeah
bugger	oh
really	yeah
thank you	thank you
you il see	hmm
that s it	yeah
sit	shh
uh gordon	hang on
hang on	gordo
mommy	oh
say half	hang on
ah	yes
joe	hey
hey	we did it
cheers	good luck
yeah	oh
thug	mr thug
mm hmm	going down
and that s	uh yeah
uh yeah	hi
hi	hi
y i mm hmm	oh oh yeah
eat me	eat you
really	good luck
hello	sara moore
sara moore	yeah
yeah	listen up
sara moore	um no uh
hey	sara
taxi	taxi
taxi	oh
cool	oh
hey joe	hey lenny
20 20	20 20
okay	thank you
oh no	sara moore
hey	oh my sara
come on	whoa
20 million	mm hmm
mr and mrs	poppins
oh it s up	it s up
it s up	focusing
focusing	asshole
asshole	sara
nice	take that
oh ah	my word
see ring	no ring
you think	yeah
oh sara	yeah
yeah	really
yo tony	what
oh	oh no
oh no	no
you okay	no
no	oh god
oh	okay uh
okay uh	here
that fits	yes
yes	yee haw
yeah	good
oh no sir	amarillo
that s uh	room 17
room 17	thank you
bummer	hey
comfy	yeah
ow	yeah ow
oh	come on
thanks	thank you
thank you	oh sorry
okay	oh no wait
follow me	okay
nurse	excuse me
yeah yeah	page tony
i got shot	what
du durango	what the h
durango	durango
yeah	oh man
oh man	mm hmm
hi	holy
oh okay	do you
what	oh yes no
my gordy	oh boy
music	yeah
bugger	oh
really	yeah
thank you	thank you
you il see	hmm
that s it	yeah
sit	shh
uh gordon	hang on
hang on	gordo
that s him	shoot him
ooh	yes
say half	hang on
ah	yes
joe	hey
hey	we did it
cheers	good luck
y i yeah	y i oh
caesar	caesar
my father	dad
here he is	hey you
now	hold on
little kid	what
almost	6 45 okay
paul	sorry
hey tony	tony
right	brian
hey paul	hey lou
i m	screwed
excuse me	excuse me
excuse me	jelly
you	me
jelly	michael
caesar	caesar
my father	dad
here he is	hey you
now	hold on
little kid	what
almost	6 45 okay
paul	sorry
hey tony	tony
right	brian
hey paul	hey lou
i m	screwed
excuse me	excuse me
excuse me	jelly
you	me
jelly	michael
yahoo	you win
losers	tasty
1 2 3 4	1 2 3 4
1 2 3 4	1 2 3 4
left left	change
lover nope	oh yeah
oh yeah	why
help me	help me
help me	help me
i m sorry	it s ok
lee eunhyo	yes
1 2 3	oh no no
oh damn	wha
fuck you	fuck you
wanted	soul mate
soul matey	yes
hi	come on in
fucking	it s okay
bye	bye guys
amy	anyways
ross	ross
okay	come here
be safe	weil
fucking	it s okay
bye	bye guys
amy	anyways
ross	ross
oh fuck	god
okay	come here
be safe	well
excuse me	excuse me
attention	stand easy
komm	bei fuss
alarm	gunflre
well	oh yes
day day	craig
go	go
mr jones	no santa
this way	oh shit
yeah boy	yeah boy
yeah boy	help
aw	damn
hey baby	whoo lordy
all right	all right
huh huh	yes yes
mama	oh shit
oh shit	hey
three go	hey
lunatic	crazy iady
okay	okay
okay	okay bye
folks	excuse me
excuse me	heilo
yeah yeah	of course
beet	thank you
luce	luce
cormac	help
help	help
lucy	lucy
great	super
i m johnny	hey
there was	yeah
ooh	oh
all right	whoa
ow	fuck
you got it	aah
oh no	oh yes
yeah	yeah
come on	oh
go	i oh jesus
i think so	awesome
i can t	my brakes
stop me	oh
yeah	whoo
ow	oh fuck
wasabi	yeah
phil	phil
phil	phil
phil	hey phil
aw man	no no
dude	let me see
i got it	i got this
yeah yeah	yeah
yeah	okay
this is	oh
get up	aw man
yeah	yeah
ooh	ooh
oh	oh
oh	oh shit
uh	oh
oh	uh
uh	ow
oh	ew
ew	every time
every time	ew
cactus	it s cacti
keep going	keep going
oh god	eat it
eat it	swallow it
oh my god	oh my god
go	oh fuck
a condom	thank you
antoine	yes
oh	oh child
oh child	oh child
aah	go
go	ow
whoa	ow
yeah	sean
it s over	kleenex
no	lauren
look	yeah
mr denton	okay
sollihogda	a daughter
hi juni	hi
christmas	1988
are you ok	yes
thank you	psychotic
paranoid	borderline
say that	say it
juni	juni
juni	hello juni
tarp yeah	t a r p
sorry	all right
we drove	oh yeah
hi	hi
now	now
she s okay	in greece
ma	angelo
of course	my god
bravo	bravo
okay	yeah
lan	lan miller
yeah	no really
what	well
good night	don t go
okay	okay
it s just	yeah
yeah	okay
she s okay	in greece
ma	angelo
of course	my god
bravo	bravo
okay	yeah
ian	ian miller
yeah	no really
what	well
good night	don t go
it s just	yeah
yeah	okay
this is it	what
don t	cut
beatboxing	dana dane
amazing	mm hmm
fine	romulus
beatboxing	dre
dre	huffs
yeah	yeah um
yeah um	yeah yeah
really	hmm
hmm	yeah man
i i	together i
together i	chuckling
what	yeah
mm hmm	you know
sighs	ow
oh	i forgot
baby	mmm
mmm	mmm
mmm	i love you
i had to l	sighs
reese	dre
dre	i m fine
ok	come here
rings	hello
ohh sidney	for real
bye dre	sidney bye
sidney bye	sid
sid	sidney
sidney	sidney
mmm	chuckles
thank you	watch it
hold this	take this
hey reese	sidney hi
i have to	beg for
you take	you take
you take	you take
you take	you take
you take	you take
mmm	laughs
all laugh	dre anyway
sid don t	sid
sid	sidney
hey	hey
nothing no	you said
you said	te nothing
te nothing	just
just	tell me
what yes	jealous
laughs	i m sorry
i m uh	for real
all right	cool
oo ooh	ooh
ooh	oo ooh
oo ooh	ooh
ooh	ooh ooh
ooh ooh	oo ooh
oo ooh	ooh
hey	mmm
yeah	and uh
laughs	see you
yo chris	what s up
hey	hey hey
what	richard oh
the tr 808	bust this
yeah	mm
no i don t	no
no	but
nothing	nothing
sighs	hey
wow	wow
uh huh	thursday
uh huh	thursday
go ahead	cd playing
dre	dre
hey	hey
i do	i love you
damn well	at least
flash back	all night
mmm mmm	mmm mmm
yeah	yeah man
don t	yeah
yeah	yeah yeah
yeah yeah	yeah what
damn baby	ha ha ha
yeah	oh my god
hey	look ow ok
melly	dada
joe	joe
vivi	were here
were here	i got this
guess not	well
except	well sidda
vivi	yes
pick it up	daddy
viv	vivo
yeah	to love
ln control	all right
angela	definitely
anita	come
come	what
go write	bye
hi hi	what
no	yes no
yes no	okay
okay bye	bye
i will	bye
all right	yeah yeah
you tramp	what
i stink	damn
damn	who farted
eighteen	only 18
1 2 3 go	what go
what go	1 2 3 go
i m devon	what
what	i m devon
laila	laila
y all down	yeah
let s go	come on
uh devon	uh miles
uh miles	sir
1 2	1 2
chest out	chest out
chest out	chest out
chest out	chest out
take it	what
word	yeah
ok	ex cuse me
all right	thanks
thanks	all right
beeps	damn
word	sure
thank you	no problem
i m devon	laila
dan ce	ok
50 000	ok
devon	yes sir
ce cil	thank you
all break	it
peco huh	but
mr peco	ow
enter	the hero
why	because
yes	i hear you
gross	read that
what	nothing
a loss	who
who	let s go
why	because
no i don t	wow
one two	three four
yes coach	let s go
kaio	look out
diarrhea	no
cool it	huh huh
i m going	wait
are you ok	about what
about what	demon
round 3	round 3
yes	yes
smile	smile
smile	nope
granny	what
let s go	coach
16 20	yes
yes	alright
my name is	hoshino
hoshino	yutaka
clown	you asked
right	left
is he good	yeah
yes	and beyond
faster	back
back	i get it
play up	shut up
try it	ok
no	fuck china
gee	gee
one thing	oh yeah
oh yeah	is that it
how many	five now
that one	it s a u
maria	maria
maria	maria
u u	c c
c c	no
a a	a a a
a a a	let s see
yes local	45
45	2148
uglyface	uglyface
uglyface	here here
okay yes	here
here	thanks
gentlemen	midifix
completely	completely
workers	workers
workers	friends
there	he s right
say	ouchebe
modern art	please
and three	obviously
you fire	easy
no yes	no yes
no yes	no
no	yes
no no	no
no	no yes
yes	no
no	too far
thank you	thank you
thank you	thank you
thank you	oh yes
a pro	look at me
look at me	pro
tit	oh mommy
x	equals six
equals six	yeah
bye	he
now	shit
gentlemen	trooper
a seagull	an ashtray
an ashtray	a stub
hey mate	missed
no	i agree
go now	it s time
jem	mum
hey	hey hey
lovely	oh
yeah	hiya
hiya	hiya
i m sorry	ruth ruth
right	lawrence
and	well
february	march
ok	right
please	sorry
ok	we re away
oh	all right
annie	result
i	uh
annie	annie
let s go	come on
kids	maybe
good night	good night
hi mom no	no
okay bye	she mad
beer	cheers
hey	angela
angela	sweetheart
okay	actually
happy now	cheers
inter	freeze
freeze	damn
peter	eddie
thank you	think we
dinner	dinner
dinner	yes dinner
okay	okay
nicole	yeah
i m sure	let s go
watson	watson
let s just	stay calm
nice lad	you okay
you okay	that nurse
yeah	her boots
no	her boots
her boots	oh boots
okay	use this
shoot me	go ahead
no blood	amazing
okay	here we go
here we go	try that
oh my god	eddie
no	eddie
my family	my family
yes dear	eddie
at my	wife
nicole	be careful
be careful	you too
let s go	let s move
take one	eddie
cut	take one
we have to	whoops
cut	cut
go go away	and action
here	and here
okay	actually
happy now	cheers
inter	freeze
peter	eddie
thank you	think we
dinner	dinner
dinner	yes dinner
okay	okay
nicole	yeah
i m sure	let s go
watson	watson
let s just	stay calm
you okay	that nurse
yeah	her boots
no	her boots
okay	use this
shoot me	go ahead
no blood	amazing
here we go	try that
try that	that good
oh my god	eddie
no	eddie
my family	my family
yes dear	eddie
at my	wife
nicole	be careful
be careful	you too
let s go	let s move
take one	eddie
cut	cut
cut	take one
we have to	whoops
cut	cut
go go away	and action
cut	a camera
here	and here
come on	come on
sergeant	sergeant
come on	come on
come on	come on
sergeant	sergeant
come on	come on
oh	your penis
hey	giggles
ohhhh ohh	laughs
i love you	what
i love you	thank you
ha	huffing
gasps what	pink roses
groans	groans
sucking	oh shit
freedom	freedom
piano	piano
i love you	i love you
laid	laid
laid	laid
laid	laid
laid	laid
laid	laid
laid	laid
laid	laid
i m fine	now
a novel	about what
till then	be glad
oh don t	be sad
another	spring
hey	hi hey
dobel	dobel
dobel	my god
i m fine	now
a novel	about what
till then	be glad
oh don t	be sad
another	spring
falk hey	hi hey
dobel	my god
i m fine	now
a novel	about what
till then	be glad
oh don t	be sad
another	spring
falk hey	hi hey
dobel	my god
ooh	number one
mcguire	go
whoo	but you
whoa	gordo what
look	wow
scusi	grazie
okay	hmm
hmm	okay
lsabella	huh
um	paolo
si	uh
uh	no i m
wah	paolo
paolo	we must go
volare	oh oh
oh oh	cantare
volare	oh oh
oh oh	cantare
volare	oh oh
oh oh	cantare
paolo	si carina
i il do it	grazie
grazie	prego
the sting	what sting
word	oh no
so why not	why not
uh um di	yeah craft
um eh ciao	ciao ciao
ciao word	word
mmh	english
um	rest
sashay	chante
work	aah work
aah work	sashay
sashay	chante
chante	work
work	sashay
sashay	chante
work	give it up
work	ohhhh
ohhhh	whoo
both	wow
look	paolo
hold on	okay hello
slow curve	forget it
oh honey	shh
ah hmm ah	hmm
hmm	uh
hmm	hmm
hmmm mmmm	ohhh
ohhh	ye e e ah
it s here	it s now
right here	right now
right now	ohh
wow	i m here
i m here	i m now
right here	right now
oh	uh halt
no no	no
ow	uh
ooh	oh
si	what
freaky huh	way freaky
uhh uhh	let s go
that s hot	what
really	oh totally
si	aaaaaaah
aha	no
you think	trust me
gordo	what
so why not	why not
ah ah yeah	ah ah ah
ah ah ah	yeah yeah
why not	why not
so why not	why not
it s here	it s now
right here	right now
i m here	i m now
i m now	i m now
right here	right now
stop it	watch out
mum	mum
and this	and this
yes	and then
and	the basket
lara what	shit lara
mum yes	ouch
truth	no
very	macho
thank you	wow
yeah okay	okay okay
erica	oh her
me you	well i m
old	old
old	old har
flinty	and
and	impervious
okay	yes
yes	okay bye
i gotta go	okay
candles	romantic
yes	me too
me too	but so far
please	cut it off
cut it off	please
erica	yeah
yeah	erica
after	sorry
me too	yeah
julian	thank you
aren t i	we il see
bad joke	honey yeah
taxi	erica
okay whoa	awkward
whatever	mm hmm
aii right	monday
heilo	horn honks
oh nice	okay
stogies	not bad
hmm hmm	wonderfui
i teii ya	ahh
ahh	hmm
hey	hey
ramsley	pounding
pounding	ramsley
excuse me	wait
wait	wait
she did	who
who	elizabeth
come on	megan wait
creaking	hide hide
aah aah	aah
laughs	neighing
dad	yes son
okay	hey
okay	aii right
oh	wow
okay	aii right
oh	aah ugh
aah ugh	oh no ew
oh no ew	aah
roaring	oh oh
oh oh	oh no
oh no	oh oh no
trunk	yes trunk
yes trunk	not door
aah	ugh
hold on	with what
i do	whoa
aah	jim
jim	aah
jim	sara hey
let s go	bye bye
hurry back	hurry back
boys	hey
dude	dude
for real	all right
we re late	let s go
no way man	pinch me
all right	all right
slug bug	mr rivers
it s sandy	right
next	next
next	next
matt	matt
what	no
what s up	not much
come on	i m going
yeah	peace out
get off me	manties
you know	jimmy was
jimmy was	jimmy was
what s up	you
real good	sweet lou
you reek	hey dad
which	you are
find out	yeah
no comment	no comment
cut it	okay
two	one
friends	friends
hi halley	hi
hi	thanks
hey baby	hi
i do	the rings
me no no l	baby mommy
no comment	no comment
cut it	okay
two	one
nausea	a little
friends	friends
hi	thanks
hey baby	hi
i do	the rings
me no no l	baby mommy
a tenant	mm hmm
yes	oh
oh god yes	what is it
what is it	go ahead
stop	hello
really	yeah aah
oh	hi
thank you	wow
hey nancy	yeah
oh	squawks
oh	uh oh
alex	alex hey
alex hey	hi
really	yeah
here	try it
471 bucks	what time
right	88
alex	yeah
8 9 10	1 2 3
1 2 3	22 23 24
squawks	shut up
shut up	shut up
ow ooh	honey
honey	oh
emergency	hurry
hurry	run
this is it	yes
ah yes	so
so	so yeah
okay	nancy
oh careful	aah
ooh	a caramel
whew	oh my god
oh my god	oh
oh	gasps
oh	oh oh
alex nancy	panting
oh no	alan
my book	ow
ow	oh alan
oh alan	oh oh
aah no	no
coughing	all right
groans	groans
how huge	huge huge
oh	honey
honey	explosion
footsteps	creaking
gun	what
what	gun
gun	gun
all wrong	you think
yeah right	ass patrol
it s	sorry
25k	o 2 okay
footsteps	door slams
here here	oh dick
dickey	hello
yeah	nonsense
a tenant	mm hmm
yes	oh
oh god yes	what is it
what is it	go ahead
stop	hello
really	yeah aah
oh	hi
thank you	wow
hey nancy	yeah
oh	uh oh
oh yes	who is it
alex	hey
hey	hi
really	yeah
here	try it
471 bucks	what time
right	88
alex	yeah
8 9 10	1 2 3
1 2 3	22 23 24
shut up	shut up
ow ooh	honey
honey	oh
emergency	hurry
hurry	run
this is it	yes
ah yes	so
so	so yeah
nancy	okay
okay	nancy
oh careful	aah
ooh	a caramel
whew	oh my god
oh my god	oh
oh	oh oh
alex	alex nancy
oh no	alan
my book	ow
ow	oh alan
oh alan	oh oh
aah no	no
how huge	huge huge
oh	honey
gun	what
what	gun
gun	gun
all wrong	you think
yeah right	ass patrol
it s	sorry
25k	o 2 okay
wait wait	what what
here here	oh dick
dickey	hello
yeah	nonsense
isak	isak
open up	isak
hello	hello
no come on	no green
no green	shit
folke	shit
shit	stop folke
folke	stop
thank you	green
cheering	thank you
right	knocking
really	right
thanks	natalie
good good	well
oh shut up	cheering
hi	pathetic
stop stop	aa ahh
no	then maybe
right	right
frissell	cute name
all cheers	if i could
yes	goodness
er huh	no
enough	enough now
thank you	applause
yes	come here
joanna	sam
cheering	bravo
cheering	thank you
right	knocking
really	right
thanks	natalie
good good	well
oh shut up	cheering
hi	pathetic
stop stop	aa ahh
he s here	here we go
what	babs babs
freeze	hey
hey	what s up
hi steve	oh my god
marc what	i love you
i m sherry	donna
snoring	captain
whimpers	oh oh
oh	uh huh
okay okay	didgeridoo
yeah i m	right
right	so
it s donna	sure okay
what is it	hunger
hunger	you do
it s so	soft
laughter	down
yeah	oh come on
bell rings	time s up
yeah	it happens
sure	hey what
ted	hey donna
hey donna	oh my god
oh my god	i m great
hello	hi
hi	wow
mm hmm	hmm
sure	typing
donna	oh my god
thank you	enjoy
enjoy	there
bell rings	time s up
yeah right	i mean it
i am	yes
i will	thatagirl
donna	christine
christine	hi god
hello	bonjour
bonjour	donna
oui oui	oh gasps
donna	hi hey
yes i was	gosh
i love him	sniffles
i m sorry	me too
mark	mark
mark	sighs
nine	d oh
questions	none
no	donna
what	what is it
thank you	heal me
we voted	you re out
slap it	shoot it
shoot it	kaboot it
all right	you three
ac dc	motorhead
factotum	factotor
ok	thank you
thank you	let s rock
play it d	c g c
excuse me	excuse me
oh yeah	yeah
what	what is it
thank you	heal me
we voted	you re out
slap it	shoot it
shoot it	kaboot it
all right	you three
ac dc	m0torhead
factotum	factotor
ok	thank you
thank you	let s rock
play it d	c g c
oh yeah	y eah
what	what is it
thank you	heal me
we voted	you re out
slap it	shoot it
shoot it	kaboot it
all right	you three
ac dc	mtorhead
factotum	factotor
ok	thank you
thank you	let s rock
play it d	c g c
excuse me	excuse me
oh yeah	yeah
bruiser	ma am
delta who	delta nu
theta beta	lambda mu
by grace	grace
i did it	cool
elle hi	oh hi
ladies	it s time
marvin	yeah
okay	just okay
help	help stuck
i missed	oh hell no
help	help stuck
i m stuck	loser
no	phones no
okay	b rad
b rad	what s up
my cousin	shondra
hopefully	kiss you
i am	so
so	scared
no	phones no
okay	b rad
b rad	what s up
my cousin	shondra
hopefully	kiss you
i am	so
so	scared
pull me up	pick me up
my nephew	yes
hello	well hello
well hello	hello
francesca	yes
esausto	exhausted
exhausted	exhausted
promise me	when
oh oh easy	easy easy
easy easy	mi scusi
see	thank you
patti	marcello
good	really
all right	hi
hi	yes yes
alexandra	alexandra
alexandra	okay i can
okay i can	hey baby
marcello	marcello
chiara	wait wait
amen	amen
i m ed	hi
oh	oh
oh	wow
schools	she s
nope	kitchen no
may may	oh my god
hey	sorry
sorry	it s okay
no come on	hi
to my mom	dear mom
bramasole	bramasole
knocking	hello
i m sorry	i m sorry
men	chocolate
oh	oh oh
oh oh	please
normale	normale
normale	normale
normale	normale
oh my god	oh my god
cries	oh god
here	downstairs
buongiorno	hello miss
buongiorno	jerzy
jerzy	jerzy
hello	zbignew
zbignew	zbignew
zbignew	frances
well then	okay yes
okay yes	okay yes
okay yes	yes yes
nino	oh god
oh my god	papa si
okay	go go
celibe	celibe
celibe	celibate
thank you	no i m not
fefe	il maestro
il maestro	who
excuse me	i m sorry
yeah	thank you
bravo	aah
aah	aah
you re sad	again
i said go	i m going
signorina	bella
bella	great
hilarious	goodbye
yes	i m sorry
whose	majesty i
and you	get lost
what annie	what is it
ow	he bit me
aww	rarr
rarr	whoa whoa
what yeah	you re it
you re it	i m it
i m it	what s it
special	what
yeah	here we go
well okay	ah
ah	easy easy
go fish	nothing
nothing	four
ready	swallow
anything	anything
carl	oh wow
you re it	you re it
whoo hoo	oww
oww	refreshing
ha	okay
harry	harry
yeah	okay
oh	hi harry
hi harry	hi
hi	bark bark
huh	ooh
ooh	dirty girl
love	lo ove
harry hey	buddy woo
hmm	well
go forward	move ahead
suck it	i want one
what	jessica
whoa whoa	wow go
wow go	hey hey
hey hey	hey
oh snaps	hi
i oh	uh i he wa
just go	go go
oj	thanks tom
audrey	audrey
amen	tom lisa
ok ok	ok fine
no no	all right
excuse me	aah
l oh	uh l he wa
uh l he wa	oh
just go	go go
gasps aah	aah groans
ok	grunts
dog barks	oj
amen	tom lisa
chuckles	groans
screaming	screaming
all ooh	all whoa
squawking	all whoa
aw	squawks
grunts	yells
ew ugh	ew ew
bonnie yes	donovan
mrs donaly	hmm
mm hmm	hmm
choo choo	choo choo
thank you	now sir
57 59	54
groans	panting
of course	with rex
yes	thank you
marylin	her ulcer
her ulcer	perforated
love is	good
sighs	sarah but
bonnie yes	donovan
mrs donaly	hmm
mm hmm	hmm
choo choo	choo choo
thank you	now sir
57 59	54
groans	panting
of course	with rex
yes	thank you
marylin	her ulcer
her ulcer	perforated
love is	good
sighs	sarah but
oh come on	oh man
i m out	bullshit
fuck you	fuck you
fuck you	fuck you
wow 5	thanks
hacks	hi
next	next
next	next
ohh	oh god
oh god	ooh
fornicate	fornicate
oh shit	rattling
who	the elves
no	warm milk
warm milk	no
shit	fuck you
aah	crying
applause	grunting
yeah	mumbles
no	in town
yeah	yeah
wedgie	yeah yeah
yeah yeah	screaming
screaming	rip
pokmon	done
i know you	not yet
half	i meant 33
and 1 3	half
35	half
half	40
half	48
49	half
santa	what
aah	groaning
come here	what
shit	jesus
oh shit	what
shit	34c
panting	fuck me
kids	fuck no
yeah	yeah
wedgie	yeah yeah
pokmon	done
santa	oh jeez
i know you	not yet
half	i meant 33
and 1 3	half
35	half
half	40
40	half
half	48
48	half
half	49
49	half
come here	what
shit	jesus
oh shit	what
shit	34c
oh come on	oh man
i m out	bullshit
oh hey	ow
fuck you	fuck you
fuck you	fuck you
wow 5	thanks
hacks	hi
next	next
next	next
yeah	yeah
okay	whoo
ohh	oh god
oh god	ooh
fornicate	fornicate
who	the elves
no	warm milk
warm milk	no
shit	fuck you
no	in town
yeah	yeah
wedgie	yeah yeah
pokmon	done
i know you	not yet
half	i meant 33
and 1 3	half
35	half
half	40
half	48
48	half
half	49
49	half
santa	what
come here	what
shit	jesus
oh shit	what
shit	34c
oh come on	oh man
i m out	bullshit
oh hey	ow
fuck you	fuck you
fuck you	fuck you
wow 5	thanks
hacks	hi
next	next
next	next
yeah	yeah
okay	whoo
ohh	oh god
oh god	ooh
fornicate	fornicate
who	the elves
no	warm milk
warm milk	no
shit	fuck you
no	in town
yeah	yeah
wedgie	yeah yeah
pokmon	done
i know you	not yet
half	i meant 33
and 1 3	half
35	half
half	40
40	half
half	48
48	half
half	49
49	half
santa	what
come here	what
shit	jesus
oh shit	what
shit	34c
i was 1o	not 12
not 12	i was 1o
i was 1o	thank you
my god	my god
my god	shit
don t	go go
go go	get off
yale	yale
yale	yale
yes smell	i do
divorce	what
you okay	i met stan
b e a	utiful
having fun	thy thou
no	no
oh	grace yes
grace yes	grace yes
a password	yahweh
adios	adios
it s good	it s good
mmm	grace
grace	aah
you win	i m done
yeah	yeah
it s okay	it s okay
ahh	aaah hot
yuan okay	ah
kyle	snoring
kyle	wake up
whoo ohh	football
oh	sorry
wow	yeah
growling	go fetch
go fetch	barking
flare	flare
in this	family
down	set
set	unh
oh	okay
he s	shut up
shut up	huh huh
laughs	excuse me
wait	okay
no uh	it s okay
kinda	oh honey
oh honey	oh my god
sarah	whoa
my mommy	oh sarah
hey hey	i love you
i love you	okay
really	yeah
oh	giggles
giggles	voil
oui	henri non
love	peter
oh laughs	bonjour
bonjour	merci
ah	unh ooh
hmm mmm	mmm
oh my	oh my god
passes gas	passes gas
live	like it
i miss you	okay bye
huh	shh
uhhhh	what
jackpot	laughs
oh	oh the
honey	yeah is
oh he s uh	at the uh
yeah	wow
well ha ha	bye
no why	no reason
okay	it s just
go	sniffles
champagne	sure
laughs	please
no oh	ohhhh
laughs	salute
salute	salute
uh yeah	listen um
hey	wow
ew	yeah ew
grazie	thank you
hey	what what
what what	what
gosh	calm down
you slut	excuse me
aaah	squeals
squeals	oh
hi	hi
i m sorry	me too
me too	i miss you
ohh	cause i
ohh	cause i
ahh	aaah hot
yuan okay	ah
kyle	snoring
kyle	wake up
whoo ohh	football
oh	sorry
wow	yeah
growling	go fetch
go fetch	barking
flare	flare
in this	family
down	set
set	unh
oh	okay
he s	shut up
shut up	huh huh
laughs	excuse me
wait	okay
no uh	it s okay
kinda	oh honey
oh honey	oh my god
sarah	whoa
my mommy	oh sarah
hey hey	i love you
i love you	okay
really	yeah
oh	giggles
giggles	voil
oui	henri non
love	peter
oh laughs	bonjour
bonjour	merci
ah	unh ooh
hmm mmm	mmm
oh my	oh my god
passes gas	passes gas
live	like it
i miss you	okay bye
huh	shh
uhhhh	what
jackpot	laughs
oh	oh the
honey	yeah is
oh he s uh	at the uh
yeah	wow
well ha ha	bye
no why	no reason
okay	it s just
i heardyou	i m sorry
go	sniffles
champagne	sure
laughs	please
no oh	ohhhh
laughs	salute
salute	salute
uh yeah	listen um
hey	wow
ew	yeah ew
grazie	thankyou
hey	what what
what what	what
gosh	calm down
you slut	excuse me
aaah	squeals
squeals	oh
hi	hi
i m sorry	me too
me too	i miss you
kyle	wake up
wow	yeah
flare	flare
okay	here we go
in this	family
down	set
hes	shut up
wait	okay
no uh	its okay
its okay	were tired
were tired	its fine
kinda	oh honey
oh honey	oh my god
sarah	whoa
my mommy	oh sarah
hey hey	i love you
i love you	okay
really	yeah
oh	voil
oui	non
love	peter
bonjour	merci
oh my	oh my god
oh my god	oh its wow
live	like it
i miss you	okay bye
honey	yeah is
wheres tom	oh hes uh
oh hes uh	at the uh
yeah	wow
well	bye
no why	no reason
okay	its just
champagne	sure
okay thats	uh
salute	salute
uh yeah	listen um
grazie	thank you
hey	what what
what what	what
gosh	calm down
you slut	excuse me
thanks dad	is it over
hi	hi
im sorry	me too
me too	i miss you
apologize	security
lilinois	go mays
that s you	yes
could you	sure
dongsuk	hello
no	no
stop	that s her
thank you	hello
paul	yeah
hang on	hi i m jim
no	shit
five six	or six two
do our job	thanks
wow	excuse me
are you ok	i think so
stop	that s her
hang on	hi i m jim
wow	excuse me
are you ok	i think so
also class	and beauty
what	what
bertha hmm	choose one
you stay	good dog
romeo meo	romeo meo
i choose	i i choose
conga room	fala cici
is he	he s good
coming dad	bollocks
come on	come on
just relax	yeah yeah
cliff	yeah
y i oh wow	tell me
action	and cut
ok ok so	yeah
come on	come on
oh mama	yeah
yes i know	so
oh my god	please
please	don t go
yeah	about
sorry	my cornea
i m fine	roast beef
hi bob	hi may
excuse us	hi may hi
what no no	it s time
hi	hi
i love her	what
i m sorry	i m sorry
yeah yeah	i know
bye	bye bob
hey freaks	yo
well	lets go
bobby	come on
come on	bobby
excuse me	hello
yes	go ahead
what	youre cher
hi bob	hi may
yes i know	so
oh my god	please
please	dont go
yeah	about
sorry	my cornea
lm fine	roast beef
thats good	nice
hi bob	hi may
excuse us	hi may hi
what no no	lts time
hi	hi
i love her	what
lm sorry	lm sorry
yeah yeah	i know
oh my god	please
please	don t go
yeah	about
sorry	my cornea
i m fine	roast beef
excuse us	hi may hi
what no no	it s time
hi	hi
i love her	what
i m sorry	i m sorry
yeah yeah	i know
oh no	hey
yes i did	you ready
you ready	ready
ready	later ben
hi	oh
okay just	okay now
okay now	cashmere
cashmere	put it on
oh andie	okay
okay	okay
pay him	oh man
tell him	what
oh	hi hi
okay okay	okay
you cried	yeah
five	two
upbeat	marvelous
understood	yeah
oh no	michelle
hi lngrid	hi
thank you	thanks
thanks	oh sorry
here here	thanks
no	her
her	her who
done	what
what	done
done	done
hi um	oh
hi	hi
hi	hi
cute	thank you
unattached	currently
currently	likewise
likewise	surprising
surprising	psycho
psycho	rarely
rarely	hmm
hmm	lnterested
lnterested	perhaps
perhaps	hungry
hungry	starving
mm hmm	okay
okay	okay
okay	one second
call me	mm
like shoes	no
no	no
thank you	very tidy
okay	running to
yeah	yeah
i do	okay
andie	oh my god
go baby	hold em up
hold em up	charge
charge	benny
excuse me	ah
ah	excuse me
hello	it s me
bye bye	bye
jonah	dad
who is she	shh
shh	who s who
aww	benji
oh ooh oh	oh yeah
ben	ben
ben	oh my god
no no	get up
get up	ouch huh
ouch huh	yeah
oh come on	throw it
oh	whoa mmm
really	i hope so
i hope so	call me
call me	i will
honey	hmm
hmm	look what
frosting	frosting
who is it	it s me
it s me	ah
ah	ow
ow	ow
really	yeah
yeah	okay
benny jr	yeah
yeah	ah hey mom
oh great	hey glenda
uh oh	ah no
oh	oh man
yes no	yes no
yes no	yes
closed	bjarne
all right	i m coming
no	no i said
oh thanks	sorry
meat loaf	turkey
hello	hi harry
thank you	goodbye
nice	cute shirt
cute shirt	thanks
i m anna	jake
anna	so listen
mommy	stop anna
mmm	hey guys
oh	hey gramps
oh my my	ah aaaaah
ah aaaaah	she saw it
anna	what
oh him too	yeah
anna stop	what
anna	get away
get away	honey
whew	come on
mom s dead	i m dead
my cereal	cool
wake up	wake up
wake up	that is it
earthquake	earthquake
earthquake	earthquake
anna	mom
mom	excuse me
oh my god	can i go
hi	hi
i gotta go	bye
you	okay okay
evan	no boris
no boris	line 27
no kevin	evan
evan	evan evan
yo	what
so ethan	evan
mind mind	exactly
exactly	very good
very good	all right
all right	b yeah
f	f f
yeah	oh mama
really	yeah
well	i wrote it
oh my god	what
whoo	whoo
shut up	whoo whoo
whoo whoo	whoo whoo
ramones	love
okay whose	mine
tess	go
go	yo sup
really	really
really	snap
sure	ow
mom	mom
go	what
what	go
go	ryan
yeah but	please no
go	go
fine	home then
to get in	i give up
fine	great
angelica	angelica
angelica	angelica
he cailed	he cailed
paty	paty
patricia	alvaro
sorry eli	heilo
heilo	heilo here
hi	ah elena
in august	i think so
bye	help her
heilo	heilo
yes	how come
sandrine	idiot
at 25 yes	jeez
jeez	and why
friday	4 p m
4 p m	21
what s ok	aids test
watch out	thanks
here	vitamins
i m sorry	really
get lost	errand boy
good bye	good bye
mlao tien	shlh chun
hi	hi
hi	hi
hi	let s go
no	good
agreed	agreed
he died	what
yes	hi
hi	what is it
now	yeah
yeah	okay
hello	what
what	excuse me
you sir	no nothing
nothing	gays
gays	no way
there	thank you
you are	we are
gentlemen	get it
wave hi	cheering
shake	hey
here we go	what what
yelling	cool
yo hank	yells
barking	barking
let s go	barking
moo	laughter
walk much	laughing
yes sighs	thank you
indistinct	grunting
indistinct	laughing
oh my god	laughing
shake	hey
here we go	what what
yeah right	yeah right
yes	thank you
wave hi	cheering
shake	hey
here we go	what what
yelling	cool
yo hank	yells
barking	barking
let s go	barking
moo	laughter
walk much	laughing
yes sighs	thank you
indistinct	grunting
indistinct	laughing
oh my god	laughing
i m sorry	take care
take care	okay bye
okay bye	dave
really	wow
all right	how s this
goosfraba	goosfraba
i hear you	he s yours
oh we will	bye
okay dave	oh god
exactly	here we go
get out	get out
get out	porker
porker	fatty
fatty	no
easy boy	sorry
yes yes	yes
who	nobody
goosfraba	goosfraba
well	yeah
i m sorry	take care
take care	okay bye
really	wow
all right	how s this
goosfraba	goosfraba
i hear you	he s yours
oh we will	bye
okay dave	oh god
exactly	here we go
get out	get out
get out	porker
porker	fatty
fatty	no
easy boy	sorry
yes yes	yes
who	nobody
goosfraba	goosfraba
well	yeah
i m sorry	take care
take care	okay bye
really	wow
all right	how s this
goosfraba	goosfraba
i hear you	he s yours
oh we will	bye
okay dave	oh god
exactly	here we go
get out	get out
get out	porker
porker	fatty
fatty	no
easy boy	sorry
yes yes	yes
who	nobody
goosfraba	goosfraba
well	yeah
miss it	nah
wow	damn
stan ross	stan ross
stan ross	stan ross
hello	hey
come on	come on
come on	aah oof
pi what	breathe in
stand up	sit down
42	43
viagra	what
maureen	hey
see	you and me
you and me	huh
bingo	oh yeah
charge	charge
bye bye	cleveland
god	uh huh oh
maybe	you know
hey	you okay
let s go	two out
yo t rex	hold up
charge	ha
yo yo	listen up
yeah yeah	yeah
yeah	yeah
hold on	uh oh
hmm	nah
yeah	well
wait look	look
look	what
told you	yo hey yo
yo hey yo	yo yo yo
strike oh	uhh
a home run	whoo
stan ross	stan ross
stan ross	stan ross
yes sir	boca yo bo
what	whew what
all right	come on
no way	mmm yeah
finally	oh taxi
yeah	take mine
oh dear	what
really	thank you
yeah	champagne
champagne	thank you
thank you	enjoy
um	no thanks
no thanks	no
pamcake	flapjack
muskrat	huh
muskrat	uh
no	ow
ow	oh shit
daddy	wow
isn t it	yeah
okay great	just
oh	oh jack
greg	yeah
mmm hmm	it s funny
love	friendship
ooh	whoa yes
oh god	hey dad
greg	yeah
l chaim	l ha ha
mo	oh god
oh god	dad
dad	oh jinx
he s alive	he s fine
oh	mom
oh hi jack	hello greg
morning	sleep okay
nice	this june
this june	yeah yeah
how	well
asshole	no no no
15 huh	genius
mad bull	asshole
greg	dina pam
oh greg	hey
he spoke	asshole
asshole	what
ah lovely	you know
what	yeah
oh	i m sorry
hello greg	hi jack
what	what
yeah you	hold on
oh my god	i i
okay	i
dad	greg greg
greg	what
dad	jack don t
plan	dad no
hey jack	wait
wait	jack
jack	jack
jack	halt
halt	jack
jack	jack jack
okay	jack
jack	uh
mmm mmm	well hi
really	uh huh
oh so good	asshole
no way	mmm yeah
yeah	take mine
oh dear	what
yeah	champagne
champagne	thank you
thank you	enjoy
um	no thanks
no thanks	no
pamcake	flapjack
muskrat	huh
muskrat	uh
no	ow
ow	oh shit
daddy	wow
isn t it	yeah
okay great	just
oh	oh jack
greg	yeah
mmm hmm	it s funny
ooh	whoa yes
oh god	hey dad
greg	yeah
l chaim	l ha ha
oh god	dad
dad	oh jinx
oh	mom
oh hi jack	hello greg
morning	sleep okay
nice	this june
this june	yeah yeah
how	well
asshole	no no no
15 huh	genius
mad bull	asshole
greg	dina pam
oh greg	hey
ah lovely	you know
what	yeah
oh	i m sorry
hello greg	hi jack
what	what
yeah you	hold on
hey	hey
oh my god	l i
okay	i
dad	greg greg
greg	what
dad	jack don t
plan	dad no
wait	jack
jack	jack
jack	halt
halt	jack
jack	jack jack
okay	jack
jack	uh
mmm mmm	well hi
really	uh huh
no way	mmm yeah
yeah	take mine
oh dear	what
yeah	champagne
champagne	thank you
thank you	enjoy
um	no thanks
no thanks	no
pamcake	flapjack
muskrat	huh
muskrat	uh
no	ow
ow	oh shit
daddy	wow
isn t it	yeah
okay great	just
oh	oh jack
greg	yeah
mmm hmm	it s funny
ooh	whoa yes
oh god	hey dad
greg	yeah
l chaim	l ha ha
oh god	dad
dad	oh jinx
oh hi jack	hello greg
morning	sleep okay
nice	this june
this june	yeah yeah
how	well
asshole	no no no
15 huh	genius
mad bull	asshole
greg	dina pam
oh greg	hey
ah lovely	you know
what	yeah
oh	i m sorry
hello greg	hi jack
what	what
what	what
yeah you	hold on
hey	hey
oh my god	i i
okay	i
dad	greg greg
greg	what
dad	jack don t
plan	dad no
wait	jack
jack	jack
jack	halt
halt	jack
jack	jack jack
okay	jack
jack	uh
really	uh huh
not	hey
sorry	i m sorry
damn right	thanks joe
taxi	taxi
taxi	excuse me
behave	right
come here	stop it
get off me	out
speak it	lunch spot
june	occupation
kidding	sitting
me	yes you
of course	done
pleathers	posers
what	the girls
gone	gone
good luck	keep it
smile	hey
hey	i see you
yes no	keep it no
keep it no	uh june
um cold	well yeah
sorry	julie
come on	was i
off	thank you
thank you	done
come on	okay stop
no	no
no	no three
nice one	hi hey
hi hey	hi do you
okay	really
oh no	i m sorry
he won	steve won
all right	good time
whoo	yeah
hi	hi
quiet	quiet
bye bye	bye
cool	uncool
behave	right
come here	stop it
get off me	out
speak it	lunch spot
june	occupation
kidding	sitting
me	yes you
of course	done
pleathers	posers
what	the girls
gone	gone
good luck	keep it
smile	hey
hey	i see you
yes no	keep it no
keep it no	uh june
um cold	well yeah
sorry	julie
come on	was l
off	thank you
stuff	what stuff
thank you	done
come on	okay stop
no	no
no	no three
nice one	hi hey
hi hey	hi do you
okay	really
oh no	i m sorry
he won	steve won
all right	good time
whoo	yeah
hi	hi
quiet	quiet
bye bye	bye
doc	doc
doctor	wait
guy sal	soda boy
okay	ready
i see	i see yep
gracias	mmm
hell yes	all right
hey	hey
hey	excuse me
excuse me	excuse me
ohh	oh my god
yeah	yeah
oh my god	oh
oh	my
my	god
god	god
uh	um
aspen	jeez
hello	mom
well ah	ah thanks
ah thanks	anyway uh
why	well
i will	so will i
hey baby	ohhh ahhh
okay	ready
i see	i see yep
gracias	mmm
hell yes	all right
hey	excuse me
ohh	oh my god
oh my god	oh
oh	my
my	god
uh	um
aspen	jeez
hello	mom
well ah	ah thanks
ah thanks	anyway uh
why	well
i will	so will i
hey baby	ohhh ahhh
oh god	oh no
wayne rink	morning
excuse me	sir
okay okay	bye bye
matt yeah	au revoir
oh god	oh gross
no what	razzles
razzles	razzles
it s over	lucy
hi	hey
why not	i moved on
oh god	oh no
wayne rink	morning
excuse me	sir
good luck	okay okay
okay okay	bye bye
oh god	oh gross
no what	razzles
razzles	razzles
it s over	it s over
it s over	lucy
hi	hey
why not	i moved on
i m sorry	i m sorry
what	you saw me
hey wait	no
well	good night
good night	good night
dude	i know
what	this
kelly	matthew
dude	am i ugly
wait	come on
samnang	whatever
really	thanks
hey	hey
thank you	for what
and	action
no	i il do it
stone here	stone here
unky too	unky too
who	come on
the sky	pretty
bump	hurt
hurt	horror
horror	stopping
stopping	criming
criming	sewing
sewing	people
why not	i dunno
i dunno	lntuition
lntuition	lnstinct
it s her	now
pinch her	shitess
hollow	hullo
hullo	hello
i know	but
we will	you won t
and	and
and	and
ok	rt
roger	roger
sweet	sizzling
sizzling	super fine
well	ok
you bet	yeah
call us ok	rog
rogerl	rogerl
rogerl	rogerl
with me	under you
under you	all of us
mike	of course
mike yeah	darling
honey	oh herbert
friend	fruit
bobby	bobby
below you	all of us
where	microsoft
mike	clear
mike walt	wanted
hmm	yeah huh
oh	oh oh
oh oh	i m sorry
yeah right	her too
her too	toodles
oh hi	hello
hi	hey
and	so what
hey	hi
oh hello	hi
here	okay
hi	hi
teeth	dentures
oh	thank you
bree	bree
sam	sammy
safe	i m okay
yeah	austin
austin	l m sam
see you	well
well	see you
crying	i m sorry
ok	ok
ok	ok ok
ok ok	ok
knocking	yeah
parts	ok
uh sure	really uh
noon it is	oh
oh god	i m home
i m home	pop
what what	what what
what what	yeah what
right	oh man
lf you	exactly
aw	pop
may l uh	ok
hi	hi
dad moron	that hurt
pan	pan
panku	ca
ca	panclocks
sure	okay
i m sorry	my eye
hi i m tom	henry hi
hi doug	hey marlin
okay	good night
lilies	lilies
good night	good night
good night	my oh my
disgusting	yeah
go ahead	jocko
lucy	yeah
okay baby	i love you
what	lucy
lucy	lucy
lucy	lucy
no no	that sucks
hi	hi
dad moron	that hurt
pan	pan
panku	ca
ca	panclocks
sure	okay
i m sorry	my eye
hi i m tom	henry hi
hi doug	hey marlin
okay	good night
lilies	lilies
good night	good night
good night	my oh my
disgusting	yeah
go ahead	jocko
lucy	yeah
okay baby	i love you
what	lucy
lucy	lucy
lucy	lucy
hi	hi
dad moron	that hurt
pan	pan
panku	ca
ca	panclocks
sure	okay
i m sorry	my eye
hi i m tom	henry hi
hi doug	hey marlin
okay	good night
lilies	lilies
good night	good night
good night	my oh my
disgusting	yeah
go ahead	jocko
lucy	yeah
okay baby	i love you
what	lucy
lucy	lucy
lucy	lucy
no no	that sucks
where is	mr diaz
mother	what
hey	come on in
hotels man	saul
any time	okay okay
cool	but
but	yeah but
yeah but	right what
reuben	yeah
yeah	great
the money	what money
waiting	for what
for what	for this
where is	mr diaz
hey	come on in
hotels man	saul
any time	okay okay
cool	but
but	yeah but
yeah but	right what
reuben	yeah
yeah	great
the money	what money
waiting	for what
for what	for this
the money	what money
waiting	for what
for what	for this
oh	oh
sighs	sighs
ooh damn	come on
h yah	gasps
ooh	mm hmm
shania	shania
oh	oh
sighs	sighs
ooh damn	come on
h yah	gasps
ooh	mm hmm
shania	shania
god	i mean
soon soon	ish
frank	frank
frank	what
yeah	yeah
blink	hola mate
sonya in	sonya in
hello	hello
watch	lips
tongue	jaw
good	good
to my lips	cheers
hi max	hi
yeah	nothing
okay okay	now tip it
wow sniffs	mmm
hmm	mmm
miles	miles
miles	miles
uh uh	hmm
ring	exhales
victoria	miles
ken	ken right
ken right	ken
come here	uh huh
hi	hey
hmm	mmm
maybe	oh
mmm	ahh
sniffs	hi
groans	yeah
chiming	oh fuck
bean yeah	you do
ira	nachlis
derek	derek
derek	derek
yeah	well joyce
barb	yeah
his joke	what joke
party	party
stacy	lulu
hey	i m home
hi mom	hi mom
could be	yes yeah
they park	and then
stroke	ok
ok	yeah ok
yes	thank you
pardon me	ahh
hey	this way
great	all righty
ok	actually
i	hey
no	ok cathy
could be	yes yeah
they park	and then
stroke	ok
ok	yeah ok
yes	thank you
yay	yes
hello	hey
well hi	hi
hi	hi
lola	lola
that s sam	sam
sam lola	lola sam
lola sam	hi
hi	hey
suddenly	aah
what	nothing
ladies	after you
unh	ow
aah	amazing
hop on	round one
winner	me again
me again	loser
loser	awesome
om	om
hello	om
hello yeah	mm hmm
mm hmm	okay
yeah okay	bye
hi	hey mom
thanks	yes you do
oh here	thank you
go see stu	go see stu
ready	ohh
watch this	hey hey
i hope so	okay good
mr wolff	what
ah	ohh
he died	when
okay	okay then
carla	hey carla
my saviors	oh my god
am i right	no
no	i m right
well i am	in me
in me	yeah
no choice	why
get up	i can t
new yolk	new york
new york	with an r
with an r	new rolk
hey hi	hello
screams oh	ha ha
raindrop	old school
old school	t t
polly	polly yeah
oh god	fanfare
hey	oh
no really	oh god
hey hi	hello
screams oh	ha ha
hey reub	cheryl hey
raindrop	old school
old school	t t
oh crap	salsa
i m back	who s this
polly	polly yeah
oh god	fanfare
guitar	hey oh
hey	oh
no really	oh god
hey hi	hello
screams oh	ha ha
raindrop	old school
old school	t t
polly	polly yeah
oh god	fanfare
hey	oh
no really	oh god
hey rufus	hey hey
thank you	caitlin
any minute	hey hi
ew	henry
stop it	stop
no	chelsea no
so	home
home	yeah
yay	um
hallelujah	hallelujah
ok	pastor dan
pastor dan	hello
hello	excuse me
oh	right
bunnies	bunnies
bunnies	right
right	bunny ears
pull tight	yeah yeah
why i have	oh
helen	helen
helen	hey helen
yeah hi	hi
come in	thank you
whoa	wow
henry	what
what	jenny no
42 foul	flagrant
now	say hippo
say hippo	hippo
birthday	to
you	yay
yeah	thank you
hi hi	hi
yahoo	oh henry
oh henry	ok henry
ok henry	let s talk
come on	yeah
thank you	breathe
hello	hello
hello	what
it s helen	really
hello	hello
please	ok ok
four	three
you are	ok
don t	please dan
tinka	tinka
origami	helen
ha ha ho	ha oh
and listen	cannonball
and whammy	whammy
yoo hoo	baxter
1 001	1 002
really	well yes
thank you	thank you
that s all	oh
damn it	i love
all clear	uh oh
baxter	no
uh	screwing
all clear	yes yes
yes yes	lady lady
what no no	no
no	no no
yea	that girl
i said	your hair
fuck move	no no
no yes	no s
hey ron	what s up
what s up	oh
man	gentlemen
thank you	brother
uh	nope
ha ha ho	ha oh
and listen	cannonball
and whammy	whammy
number two	laughing
ron grunts	1 001
yes	grunting
really	well yes
grunts	grunts
cheering	thank you
thank you	thank you
that s all	oh
snickers	growls
damn it	i love
laughs	oh darling
humming	humming
uh	screwing
yes yes	lady lady
what no no	no
no	no no
all yea	that girl
hyah hyah	whooping
i said	your hair
fuck move	no no
no yes	no s
you smell	groaning
echoing	hey ron
hey ron	what s up
what s up	oh
ron don t	yelling
grunts oh	growling
screaming	damn
growling	oh no
roaring	oh god
thank you	brother
yeah sighs	laughs
ha ha ho	ha oh
and listen	cannonball
and whammy	whammy
yoo hoo	baxter
1 001	1 002
really	well yes
thank you	thank you
that s all	oh
damn it	i love
baxter	no
uh	screwing
yes yes	lady lady
what no no	no
no	no no
all yea	that girl
i said	your hair
fuck move	no no
no yes	no si
hey ron	what s up
what s up	oh
man	gentlemen
thank you	brother
uh	nope
ever	ever no
what	nothing
dad	yeah
yeah	yah yah
abandoned	fired
tim tim	lke
honestly	come on
casa corky	casa corky
come on	shit
shit	shit god
hide hide	hide hide
tim	yes
yes	tim
tim	yes
yes	you re tim
okay	okay yes
come on	yes
hey	nick come
valdera	valderi
valderi	et cetera
yeah yeah	actually
shopping	gucci
gucci	here
oh my god	yes
bye oh	what
valderi	valdera
valdera	valderi
come on	whoo
yeah good	big day
big day	big day
epa	mmm hmm
no	no
honey	honey
she s 1 08	i love her
let s go	oz oz
get up	go
dead	yesterday
feet first	you harm
strabo	damn it
you okay	thanks
i am i am	i am
promise	promise
what	no
oh my god	ben
gondola	yes no
no stop	anna don t
anna don t	anna anna
anna anna	oh come on
so	no
hours	doorcloses
thankyou	thankyou
ends	feedback
chuckles	your face
be there	sam
go redmond	go redmond
thankyou	good
slows	ends
both laugh	continues
and	and uh
ends	applause
applause	i uh
promise	promise
what	no
oh god	excuse me
bye	oh wait
oh my god	ben
gondola	yes no
no stop	anna don t
anna don t	anna anna
anna anna	oh come on
yes	so
so	no
to god	go back
ah yes	yes yes
marvelous	yes ah
cafe	ah
shine	oh yeah
shine	on
on	me
extremely	pale
oh my god	oh no
oh no	oh my
you	allow
allow	not allow
come on	come on
come on	come on
shine	on
on	me
shine on	shine on
shine on	shine on
shine on	shine on
shine on	shine on
shine	on
on	me
me	yeah ah ah
yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	applause
yes	applause
applause	hallelujah
to god	go back
ah yes	yes yes
hut	ugh ooh
cafe	ah
shine	oh yeah
shine	on
on	me
extremely	pale
oh my god	oh no
oh no	oh my
come on	come on
come on	come on
shine	on
on	me
shine on	shine on
shine on	shine on
shine on	shine on
shine on	shine on
shine	on
on	me
me	yeah ah ah
yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	applause
yes	applause
applause	hallelujah
to god	go back
ah yes	yes yes
hut	ugh ooh
cafe	ah
shine	oh yeah
shine	on
on	me
extremely	pale
oh my god	oh no
oh no	oh my
come on	come on
come on	come on
shine	on
on	me
shine on	shine on
shine on	shine on
shine on	shine on
shine on	shine on
shine	on
on	me
me	yeah ah ah
yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	applause
yes	applause
applause	hallelujah
floor	flor
floor	flor
no good	let s hope
good guy	bad guy
bad guy	come on
be happy	be happy
no sorry	what why
i m sorry	very sorry
640	really yes
shit	i got you
fuck me	damn
oh	oh man
oh man	cliff
cliff	oh
okay break	okay break
aah	i mean
no	huh
hey	putman
putman	putman
pete	pete
lars	no no
no no	pete
dave	dave dave
oh god	oh oh god
oh oh god	go n no
namaste	fuck off
fuck off	come on
come on	i m sorry
go go	oh ohhh
oh ohhh	oh ooh
i love you	maybe
i always	wanted
and it s	excellent
yeah yeah	ready to
15 minutes	an hour
eagle hey	oh hu oh
rock	paper
paper	scissors
oh shit	come ou t
no yeah	no hum
15no way	yes
one throw	throw
every body	everybody
you what	i know
yeah no	the future
hand shake	relax
very good	harrison
yes sir	let s go
one vote	oh my god
and it s	excellent
yeah yeah	ready to
15 minutes	an hour
eagle hey	oh hu oh
rock	paper
paper	scissors
ohshit	come ou t
no yeah	no hum
15 no way	yes
one throw	throw
every body	everybody
you what	i know
yeah no	the future
hand shake	relax
very good	harrison
oh3 please	nono no 1
yes sir	let s go
one vote	oh my god
sorry sure	aah
okay whoo	yea
good point	come on
i uh oops	ohh
hey handy	sorry
well	uh sir
sure	hello
hello	hello
no yeah	no mmm
what	one throw
no	the future
i m sorry	mmm
please sir	sally um
folks	you know
yeah yeah	hmph
huh what	oh no
no	oh nice
come on	oh
oh yeah	oww
no i won t	never
hey what	come on
good good	grandpa
let go	come on
look here	hey smile
having fun	hey
yes	boeun
careful	honey
honey	let s go
boeun	what
wow	hurry wow
hurry wow	hurry wow
hurry wow	bye
fuck off	what
ow my leg	it hurts
boeun	huh
your tea	thank you
aw come on	aw come on
mr park	huh
morons	thank you
victory	victory
victory	victory
stop it	stop
no	quiet
shhh	follow me
yes mom	is it okay
wait boeun	uh stop it
miss kim	miss kim
hey	boeun
mom	okay
yes	who yes
who yes	who yes
ok ok	ok ok
ok ok	ok
hello	hello
fear fear	from what
what s bh	in english
gate 67	laughs
jazz yes	all laugh
cher	cher
cher	as in cher
as in cher	yeah cher
ok	ok what ok
you work	no ah
whoa	goat
for you	for you
for you	for wall
no	i show you
i show you	footsteps
next	viktor
dixon	yes
yes	dixon
gupta	goodbye
jazz yes	all laugh
cher	cher
cher	as in cher
as in cher	yeah cher
ok	ok what ok
you work	no ah
whoa	goat
for you	for you
for you	for wall
no	i show you
i show you	footsteps
next	viktor
dixon	yes
yes	dixon
gupta	goodbye
car horns	car horns
now is bad	why
here	yeah here
yeah here	i m there
crab man	green baby
find him	yes
he said	what
hey	yes
yes	how long
miss	yes
later	take care
kazuki	what
shinpei	shinpei
what now	fly
shinpei	shinpei
what	my mask
now is bad	why
here	yeah here
yeah here	i m there
i m there	there
crab man	green baby
he said	what
hey	yes
yes	how long
miss	yes
kazuki	what
shinpei	shinpei
what now	fly
shinpei	shinpei
what	my mask
your dog	your house
helen	helen
watch out	oh my bad
higher	higher
what	yeah
yo nick	e wait
this	fine
fine	here
come on	damn
nick	nicky
your dog	your house
helen	helen
watch out	oh my bad
higher	higher
what	yeah
yo nick	e wait
this	fine
fine	here
come on	damn
nick	nicky
muggsy	not now
no is that	busorini
motit	movet
ok hold on	watch this
no thanks	are you ok
are you ok	no
i got it	thank you
hey gaemen	move a bit
gaemen	goddam
yeah	i m cooi
mayday	sos
sos	i said sos
sat	what
sandy yeah	good good
sure	great
oh god	be on time
dog cool	socks
what s up	oh yeah
ok	all right
my phone	my phone
ten hours	d ten
not me no	no
fool	damn
guess who	alvena no
rolonda	don t stop
moans	oh
oh	mmm ooh
oh	you know i
nah what	a bitch
licorice	licorice
hold up	listen i
listen i	what
what	what is it
oh ew	ew
anybody	yes
farts	damn
panting	lonnie
grandpa	okay okay
oh my god	oh oh oh
moaning	whoo whoo
jesus i	screaming
uh mm hmm	wait
mm hmm	hey listen
look at it	aw
i m brandy	hi
hi	brandy
chuckles	all right
dismissed	thank you
a makeover	oh
uh g	g man
g man	g
oh	my bad
grunts	no
ah ah	aah
oh really	how come
yeah	no good
ow oh shit	jab
what who	god damn
g	g yeah
i told you	dom dom
yeah	i m in
hey baby	what
baby	ow
no	a man
oooooh	yeah
carver	i am sorry
and you	rerun
rerun	huh
huh	yeah you
end up old	lonely
a hood rat	right
swoll	mama no
thank you	thanks
guess who	alvena no
rolonda	don t stop
oh	mmm ooh
oh	you know i
nah what	a bitch
licorice	licorice
hold up	listen i
listen i	what
what	what is it
oh	ooh
oh ew	ew
anybody	yes
grandpa	okay okay
oh my god	oh oh oh
jesus i	push it ro
uh mm hmm	wait
oh	surprise
mm hmm	hey listen
look at it	aw
i m brandy	hi
dismissed	thank you
a makeover	oh
uh g	g man
g man	g
g	hey brandy
oh	my bad
ah ah	aah
oh really	how come
yeah	no good
ow oh shit	jab
what who	god damn
g	g yeah
i told you	dom dom
carver	carver
yeah	i m in
chips cool	damn
hey baby	what
baby	ow
ow	damn shit
damn shit	god
no	a man
brandy	brandy
carver	i am sorry
and you	rerun
rerun	huh
huh	yeah you
end up old	lonely
a hood rat	right
swoll	mama no
thank you	thanks
great	sure
4 hours	terrible
shit	jan shit
wait up	see
shit	what
what	bingo what
i told you	petty cash
one	two
two	three
no	why not
great	sure
4 hours	terrible
shit	jan shit
wait up	see
shit	what
what	bingo what
i told you	petty cash
one	two
two	three
no	why not
it s me	i had
me	respect
respect	thanks
coffee	no thanks
oh	groans
oh morning	garfield
gags	mm mm
mm mm	mm
squeaking	mouse
yeah yeah	yeah yeah
television	chuckles
oh no	whoa
okay	wha
continues	whoo yeah
ends	laughs yes
and lost	happy hmm
sighs hmm	ooh
garfield	garfield
hey	panting
beeping	hmm
ooh woah	woah
whee aaah	aaah
ode	ode ster
ode ster	ode man
ah ooh	ah ooh
sings	barking
all aboard	all aboard
chuckles	ends
douglas	it s drew
my god	that s it
splashing	mom
yeah	okay
go	fine
yeah	once
shut up	choir ah
drew huh	ah ah
no no no	just
knocking	groans
what	knocking
knocking	i hear you
oh my god	oh my god
hello	who is it
who is it	hello
hello	hello
melinda hi	melinda
god	cassie
who s that	hi hi
hey hi	hi
and	protective
stacey	stacey
jeez	god
hey vaughn	hey
sheeze	u
come on	oh okay
ooo	a
oh hh	no
no	oh
oh	oh
come on in	police
caprice	capri
sylvia	shoot
sylvia	sylvia
sylvia	z y x
z y x	and w v u
and w v u	t s r q
ungh	whoop
whoop	oof
sylvia	ursula
oh dad ah	oh hh
hi	hello
jesus wept	why
why	why what
beauties	hello
hello	mia
to find	to find
yeah	loretta
yeah yeah	beautiful
just talk	just talk
oh clarity	dear god
nothing	come on
oh my god	holy crap
what won t	christmas
funny	nora krank
scatter go	wait run
up here	come on
go	go spike
honey	ls that us
kid	come here
bugger	peter yeah
love 15	love 40
love 30	15 30
oh	yes
absolutely	both laugh
grunts	ace
me too	straining
oh	that hurt
y i ready	play
love 15	love 40
love 30	15 30
oh	yes
yes yes	yes yes
see ya	idiot
g	gross
right on	right on
okay bye	bye
where to	the dance
no	oh
kill	the pow
the pow	kill
soft body	mr rico
sure	thanks
nope right	dom hi
nelson	nelson
philip	shaun
or freeze	what a tit
oh cock it	get lost
or someone	ow
look out	christ
get out	jesus
shaun	yvonne
hi	hello
hello	hi
hi	hello
hello	all right
shaun	oh
ooow	shauny
one	two
two	three
david no	david
david no	no no no
david	dianne no
david	oh dear
ed	shaun ed
ed ed	shaun bar
ed	ed
ed	ed
ed	what
oh fuck	ow
ow	fuck it
come on	come on
it s ok	no
sorry shit	she was
she was	hmm
oh	i see yeah
five four	three two
now lead	right
right	right ho
ned	ned
sorry shit	she was
she was	hmm
oh	i see yeah
okay	continues
i hope not	spits
five four	three two
hey dad	hey button
sighing	cause uh
chuckling	yeah
sighing	hmm
hi	honey
what	sighing
l il be 72	three
three	two three
two three	holy crap
please	thank you
grunting	grunting
grunting	hey dad
hey dad	yeah
exclaiming	dad
dad	what
sucking	bite me
how much	um
um	none
l m 51	fif wow
hey	hi
carter	kimmy
gasping	oh my god
ah	you what
you what	yeah
grunting	because uh
you re not	no
here boy	here boy
here boy	hey
oh shut up	chuckling
no one	no kidding
l m home	yes
chuckling	l m not
good job	chuckling
chuckling	thank you
okay	good night
be careful	okay
hey hey	hmm
thank you	thank you
okay	okay
ta da	oh
what	oh nothing
laughing	sorry
chuckles	heads up
heads up	whoa hey
whoa hey	what s up
thank you	and um
holy shit	laughs
thanks	she waits
she waits	okay
carter hey	hi
sighs	get up
get up	what
what	get up
you what	i love her
dad i	dad
alex dad	groans
hey you	hey
yes	uh uh
excuse me	look
sighs	so
sighs	dan
thank you	for what
for what	for
sighs	sniffs
hi guys	well
well	yes
hey dad	hey button
chuckling	yeah
sighing	hmm
hi	honey
what	sighing
three	two three
two three	holy crap
please	thank you
thank you	sighing
grunting	grunting
grunting	hey dad
hey dad	yeah
exclaiming	dad
dad	what
sucking	bite me
how much	um
um	none
hey	hi
carter	kimmy
gasping	oh my god
ah	you what
you what	yeah
grunting	because uh
here boy	here boy
here boy	hey
oh shut up	chuckling
no one	no kidding
good job	chuckling
chuckling	thank you
okay	good night
be careful	okay
hey hey	hmm
thank you	thank you
okay	okay
laughing	sorry
chuckles	heads up
heads up	whoa hey
thank you	and um
holy shit	laughs
thanks	she waits
she waits	okay
carter hey	hi
sighs	get up
get up	what
what	get up
you what	i love her
dad i	dad
alex dad	groans
hey you	hey
yes	uh uh
excuse me	look
any ideas	one
sighs	so
yeah	sighs
sighs	dan
thank you	for what
for what	for
sighs	sniffs
hi guys	well
well	yes
thank you	hands
let s go	come on
come on	that s you
oh sorry	yes
why not	tax
he s poor	what
right	but
ok ok	damian
i m fine	anthony
dad	ten really
three	two
two	one
dr weir	peter
thank god	holy crap
jack	daniel
nice	thank you
rodney	fine
whoa	let me see
guilty	a wedding
grunts	exhales
oh yeah	oh
uh when	just now
excuse me	who
just wait	now
yeah	bye
hee chul	hee chul
why	pardon
hello	yes sir
yes sir	yes hello
yes hello	one moment
where	yongkang
wonderful	be careful
hee chul	yes
sit down	yes sir
father	aunt
my bag	your bag
kissing me	good night
gasps	i love it
no exhales	new song
i il win	silence
oh botox	cow poison
parade	cheering
what	ayayay
nails	sighs
no	well maybe
hello i	hey
cut it out	okay
forget it	stammers
whimpering	beads
beads	hey
don t push	be careful
sexy dance	sexy dance
change him	don t move
i il strip	okay
no	why
yoiji ho	sorry
okay	now
understand	yes sir
yoiji ho	poor you
just do it	no
let s go	yoiji ho
70 000	so little
be careful	this way
what kind	gundam
gundam	evangelion
mei ling	mei ling
yoiji ho	i m firing
let me go	wait
mei ling	cover
mei ling	bastard
bastard	no
work hard	at what
i will	i will
wrong	d
hello	hel
hello	hey
oh ha	move
oh oh god	back off
everything	nirvana
everything	nirvana
damn	here
understand	yes mama
play that	good
no	all right
wilbur	what
jeff	yes sir
mr charles	who is it
uh huh	yeah
yes	yeah
now yeah	no ray
huh bea	tell me
ahmet	yeah
ray	ray
right now	mmm hmm
mama help	mama
30 a week	uh deal
uh deal	oh yeah
624	yeah
go in	oh no
i m tired	cool
cool	so
oh	yeah
yeah	i do
mirabelle	yup
hey jeremy	yeah
what	yes
okay okay	no okay
oh what	nothing
oh god	okay well
yeah	yeah
yeah	yeah
what	yeah yeah
oh shit	what
yeah	those uh
she s	big
um	i il just
thank you	thank you
okay chet	what
what	hey
yeah	me
hey	hi
wow	you know
oh	okay
come on	no
next year	next year
and	and uhh
hello	you there
you there	just
out there	yes
hi	i m sorry
it s me	jeremy
he s	he s
you uhm	do you
okay bye	hey
sweetheart	what
what	nothing
and	i think
and um	a and
all this	success
is tender	and true
saks	oh saks
oh saks	cool
cool	sex
sorry	hi hi
okay	i m ready
go in	oh no
i m tired	cool
cool	so
oh	yeah
yeah	i do
mirabelle	yup
hey jeremy	yeah
what	yes
yes	okay okay
okay okay	no okay
good night	good night
good night	good night
god	jeremy
jeremy	jeremy
jeremy	jeremy
jeremy	jeremy
jeremy	wow
wow	jeremy
um	what uhh
oh what	nothing
nothing	oh god
oh god	okay well
okay well	mirabelle
yeah	yeah
yeah	yeah
hi	hi
what	yeah yeah
oh shit	what
no	yeah
no	no stay
yeah	those uh
she s	big
um	i il just
safe	safe
okay	145
thank you	thank you
thank you	okay chet
okay chet	what
what	hey
yeah	me
what time	8
why me	hey
hey	hi
wow	you know
oh	okay
come over	i can t
i can t	come on
come on	no
i can t	why not
later	okay yeah
i m sure	thank you
a garage	bedroom
bedroom	nice view
yeah	yeah
yeah	relax
next year	next year
excuse me	ray
ray	what
no	i do
and	and uhh
thanks	love ray
love ray	hello
hello	you there
you there	just
just	hey umm
yes	no
i am sorry	ray
oh sweet	i can t go
out there	yes
hello	hi
hi	hi
hi	i m sorry
mirabelle	it s me
it s me	jeremy
he s	he s
mohito	for you
for you	oh my god
like this	go ahead
go ahead	see
how was it	noisy
you uhm	do you
do you	what is it
yes	great
okay bye	hey
mmm ray	oh ray
oh ray	oh ray
yes	sweetheart
sweetheart	what
what	nothing
oh ray	oh ray
oh ray	oh ray
and	i think
and um	a and
all this	success
i did mhm	how
is tender	and true
thank you	and uh
yep sure	three two
hey	hold on
hey	hey
yeah	okay
jeez wow	hello
jesus	jesus
jesus	oh boy
bullshit	what
what	bullshit
so	so
uh huh	all right
ok ok huh	but listen
gone now	really
really	so so so
oh	number 3
number 3	out to sea
uhh	whoa uhh
whoa uhh	whoa
oh ahh	oh
go ahead	oy
who	me you
ohh	uhh
yep	me too
all right	unh
oh my god	oh my god
hi mwah	mwah hi
sorry	wrong wife
well	hmm
hmm	maybe then
maybe then	then then
you okay	i m
sir	sir
am i close	close
jessie	cuz
hey	why not
keep going	keep going
goodbye	goodbye
hello	hey
hello	aloha
i know	wait
okay	okay okay
i mean it	he can hop
oh gees	fbl freeze
yeah	goodnight
yeah	yeah
numbers	winners
union dues	yes ma am
i m sorry	capicola
capicola	yeah that
yeah that	it s a ham
linda	hi
oh hey	thank you
thank you	oh
kopi luac	oh hey
oh no	really
you re not	no
happy	okay
robby	robby huh
all right	all right
right	trust me
i gotta go	where out
good	kimberly
oh my god	oh my god
oh my god	oh my god
shit bobo	hey
ball ball	ball
baseball	football
yes	yes i do
go on man	come on
yeah	hello
hello	hello
now	yes now
yes now	who s that
i m sorry	julius
400	shh
bye see ya	bye see ya
bye see ya	you okay
you okay	sure why
slow	bye ted
bye ted	slow
really	great
hey	hi guys
i think	trudy
go ahead	okay
so i m ted	victoria
very nice	yeah
a drumroll	that s it
say what	barney ow
actually	oh come on
oh come on	hey
hold this	and this
what s	tonight
oh damn it	oh stop it
happy	kinda yeah
hi guys	hey
yeah sure	what s up
yes	ted
yes	no
no	oh come on
hey ted	yeah
one	two
two	three
angel	precious
okay	hey
take it	take it
what	come here
fuck	stop
they quit	quit yeah
kids	but
she s so	young so
i did	absolutely
thank you	allow me
pookeytrim	huh
uh oh	stifler
l l o y d	l l o y d
mocking	look
yes	yes i do
sheree	danl
danl	sheree
sheree	danl
hey hey	hey what
who knew	wow
yeah ernie	yeah ernie
okay again	right here
pattl	laurle
okay okay	okay okay
hey	hi tim
what	it s jim
thanks	no problem
i m busy	okay
when	last week
really	yeah
daddy	girls
no	want to
oh hi ben	hello
oh you	evil
stacy	yeah
what	it s full
clean it	fuck that
bye ben	bye
yup	how
hi jimmy	hi mom
oh no	it s true
benjamin	yes
sure	they do
am i right	yeah
bye jim	bye benji
bye	bye jim
don t	i m oliver
no	strike two
strike two	strike two
thanks	it s emily
20	dollars
you il see	good luck
i gotta go	ok
i m going	i m sorry
hello	hello
hey baby	i m home
oh my god	oh
i gotta go	ok
so	the baby
the baby	the
freddy	freddy
great	it s mine
hello	hi
no	ok
oh yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	yes
i don t	emily
oliver	ok
let s go	don t
the ring	i craig
carrot top	jay z
blitz	jeremy
jeremy	hoo ah
hoo ah	oh
daiquiris	oh
okay	jeremy
carry you	sure
claire	mm hmm
i say oh	oh oh
i say oh	oh oh oh
i saw them	la la la
argh	oo ooh ooh
i m	okay
i m scared	i am
yeah okay	great
come on	jeremy
yes or no	yes
i want you	i love you
i love her	what
chaz	chaz chaz
ouch	yeah hmm
yeah	thank you
wow	wow
i m sorry	i am
i am	what
hey	uh uh uh
hey	uh uh
again	and again
malcolm	yeah yeah
ahem no	damn it
extra	extra
ah	uh oh
malcolm	malcolm
malcolm	malcolm
keys keys	oh
oh	i forgot
what	mm hmm
heh	ahh
damn	ohh
ohh	ahem
mmm	uhh
uh	excuse me
excuse me	pardon me
jerk	heh heh
aaaaaah	aaah
aaah	aaah
ohh	ohh
ha ha	oh my god
uhh	ooh
whassup	whassup
uhh	whassup
whassup	aaaaah
calm down	lm calm
hmm	tss
what	i said
renee king	yes
yes we did	and
oh	ow
whoa	aaah aaah
uhh uhh	damn it
baby ohh	mmm
bye herbie	aah ow
what what	magic
magic	whew
you do it	uhh ok
uhh ok	no no
ohh	ok ok
aah	oh
hey hey	uhh
aah	ooh
aah	ohh ohh
ohh ohh	oh my god
oh my god	ahh uhh
granny	granny
aah	aah
heh	i said uh
hey	oh sorry
oh sorry	aaaah ohh
aaaah ohh	aaah
you are	uhhh
hey wait	oh no help
i like it	i like it
cell phone	car keys
come on	all clear
fine	you win
hey	man see
two	three
kevin	lindsey
chocolatey	creamy
creamy	delicious
whoa whoa	look at me
me	i would
kevin	kevin
nick	listen
yo nick	excuse me
what	lonely
what	come here
come here	yes yes
hey wait	oh no help
i like it	i like it
come on	all clear
fine	you win
hey	man see
two	three
chocolatey	creamy
creamy	delicious
why	oh no
whoa whoa	look at me
me	i would
kevin	kevin
nick	listen
yo nick	excuse me
what	lonely
what	come here
come here	yes yes
excuse me	excuse me
gretchen	shit
small man	very small
ugh	what what
um	he left me
denny	please
yes	thank you
terry	hey
hi gorden	hey
hello	i m here
hello	it s me
when	now
it s just	it s just
jeez	not bad
not bad	thank you
bye	wow
just	thank you
oh	oh
what	nothin
all right	well
well	well what
well what	well
i m gay	what
yeah	i am
well	lucky me
lucky me	no
no	no
no	lucky me
hadley	okay
in concert	in tandem
betty lou	betty lou
mmm no	yes what
mmn	so uh
denny	denny
whoa	whoa
whoa	oh
oh	gorden shh
oh hold it	whoa whoa
go	go shep
jeez	terry
what is it	what is it
oh my god	oh god
excuse me	okay
okay	t j s gay
i do	well
do what	this what
his he	his he
no no	gaspar
excuse me	okay
you idiot	hold it
okay	t j s gay
i do	well
do what	this what
this what	this
his he	his he
no no	gaspar
yes hi	what s up
good night	good night
i il bet	tough day
bye	excuse me
no	i love you
no	really
sister	maria
great	da te
like a	date
date	yeah
yeah	yeah
allegra	yes
ok	good night
anything	not yet
what sara	sara
call me	thanks
yahaha	i il bet
so	hitch
hi hi	excuse me
i like you	i like you
actually	i do
allegra	taxi taxi
taxi taxi	allegra
allegra	taxi
taxi	taxi
yes	really
really	eventually
what	arr
miserable	like
nah	i love you
toby toby	shit
toby	oh my god
excuse me	excuse me
i am alex	cressida
no	alive
thanks	bye
bye	bye bye
thank you	is he gay
get out	thanks
no	really
good	relaxed
sister	maria
great	da te
like a	date
date	yeah
yeah	yeah
allegra	yes
ok	good night
anything	not yet
what sara	sara
call me	thanks
yahaha	i il bet
so	hitch
hi hi	excuse me
i like you	i like you
actually	i do
allegra	taxi taxi
taxi taxi	allegra
allegra	taxi
taxi	taxi
yes	really
really	eventually
what	arr
miserable	like
nah	i love you
mr watters	pleasure
pleasure	mine too
great	excuse me
excuse me	no i m not
hello	hello
how is she	better
possum	hot pussy
who is it	yeah
hiking	how sporty
i get half	sure
raymond	no no no
murderer	no
gary	gary
ladies	ladies
really	yeah
they did	puddles
she s dead	kidding
gary	sorry
yeah	good good
mr watters	pleasure
pleasure	mine too
great	excuse me
excuse me	no i m not
hello	hello
how is she	better
possum	hot pussy
who is it	yeah
hiking	how sporty
i get half	sure
raymond	no no no
murderer	no
gary	gary
ladies	ladies
really	yeah
they did	puddles
she s dead	kidding
gary	sorry
yeah	good good
mr watters	pleasure
pleasure	mine too
great	excuse me
excuse me	no i m not
hello	hello
how is she	better
possum	hot pussy
who is it	yeah
hiking	how sporty
i get half	sure
raymond	no no no
murderer	no
gary	gary
ladies	ladies
really	yeah
they did	puddles
she s dead	kidding
gary	sorry
yeah	good good
hello hon	gen
800	800
bang	squeals
okay	i m sorry
i m sorry	sighs
right	sure
sure	well
please	hello
hi	applause
yes	whoo
see ya	scary
sighs	here
better	perfect
casey gen	gen
gen	gen
gen	i um
but i	gen brian
physics	thanks
harsh	you think
good job	good luck
no fawning	no
no	just
just	thank you
mom	i m sorry
hey	kat
oh god	it s just
you will	till then
out yes	grunting
sighs	come on
chuckles	woody
yeah	uh
uh	uh uh
uh uh	uh uh whoa
uh uh whoa	baby
thanks ed	knocking
come on	attaboy
chan	helmet
good boy	channing
just don t	why not
what	dad
dad	no
nolan	clara
come on	attaboy
chan	helmet
good boy	channing
just don t	why not
what	dad
dad	no
nolan	clara
about ntl	what s ntl
marla	detective
can he act	watch this
you okay	yeah
okay	okay
yeah	man
here we go	ivan surva
be cool	be cool
dabu	player
damn	he s dead
he s dead	man
me	nah
love it	me too
all right	drive safe
fuck you	you guys
wow thats	panting
yelps	mom
oh my god	groaning
six	sixteen
sixteen	twenty one
twenty one	forty two
big money	exclaiming
okay okay	sniffing
cabron	whooping
humming	exclaims
aquaman	here
here	clothes on
fuck you	crying
cool	wow
no	what
oh	okay
butt but	what what
scatting	yeah
yeah	gasping
groans	oh my god
call 911	oh my andy
oh my andy	oh my god
andy andy	exhaling
no	oh my god
really	i love you
i love you	yeah
aquarius	aquarius
aquarius	aquarius
aquarius	aquarius
aquarius	aquarius
khalid	him is it
iil get it	go
go	giggling
surprise	chuckling
jean what	man jean
they	they
t l c tic	trick
tragic	fantastic
fantastic	pathetic
ecstatic	thank you
thank you	sarcastic
sarcastic	psychotic
anyone no	laughing
laughing	hey jean
hi	hi
saturday	what stop
mom	shouting
shouting	no come on
sighing	amy china
late	beeping
laughing	no way
sighing	ticking
ringing	hello
no	god yes
no	what
zoe holly	love you
love you	hello
hello	hello
hello	sighing
c o m b	u s t
u s t	i b l e
j	e
e	t
t	s
both laugh	ben hi
gasping	thank you
hi	hello
seven	seven
no ben	i m late
linds mmm	i got it
chris	damn it
hey	ben
girl ok	paul
paul	ok
ms hughes	come on
bollocks	ls she fit
what	what
whistle	penalty
yes	hold that
what	the match
the match	yeah
yeah	she ok
programmes	programmes
let s go	come on
bollocks	bollocks
i m sorry	paul davis
ok ok	i hate you
offside	ref
and	goal
rubbish	it s true
look	excuse me
arsenal	arsenal
yeah ok ok	calm down
cheer	er 9 nil
at anfield	thank you
oh is she	well no
eh	1 8 years
1 8 years	1 8 years
sir nigel	paul hello
person	thank you
oh	no ah
merson	richardson
thomas	oh
oh	oh
arsenal	arsenal
i am sorry	no
why	no reason
yells	groans
grunts	yelling
alone	yeah
go hemp	laughs
killer	yeah
yeah	i like it
i like it	yeah
yeah yeah	yeah
sighs	grunts
grunts	hissing
sammy yeah	hey hey
mom	wheezing
wheezing	oh
oh	mom
ouch	phew
yes	you
you	me
me	no not you
yeah	okay
really yep	cool
right yeah	chuckling
diana mike	hold this
hey sam	yeah
groans	oh
oh	groans
groans	oh
oh	sam uh
oh	grunts
finches	fishes
bing bong	hey philly
hey philly	yeah dad
oh yeah	he s right
thumping	okay
okay	groans
phil	yeah
yeah	i love you
what	nothing
ah hey	ow
maria okay	umberto
umberto	hey coach
okay okay	great
boy grunts	whoa
he did	all he did
all he did	what nah
what nah	kill phil
to ask for	half caff
that s me	screams
all yeah	tap pull
tap pull	okay
yes	grunts
grunts	grunts
grunts	mama mia
jack	no mom
sizzling	yeah
hey philly	sighs
just serve	okay
chuckling	groans
pooh boom	groaning
oh	chuckles
ole	groaning
laughing	you okay
you okay	serve it
bury you	bury you
bury you	bury you
okay	chuckling
oh yeah	never
yeah	yeah
yeah	dad
dad	what
all right	good good
good good	good yes
ambrose	yeah
liar	jack what
but coach	mocking
hey stew	hey
we won	we won
fine	whistling
who are we	all tigers
all tigers	what
what	all tigers
whoa	let s go
good good	groans
dad yeah	dad dad
boys no	okay
shot goal	yeah
yeah	singing
no no no	grunts
go	chuckles
sam really	yeah
all right	okay
good job	thanks
horrible	okay
mmm	gags
whoa	gasping
hey coach	yeah
yeah	hey
hey	hey
we re good	good
here	what
got you	okay honey
yells	groans
grunts	yelling
alone	yeah
go hemp	laughs
killer	yeah
yeah	i like it
i like it	yeah
yeah yeah	yeah
sighs	grunts
grunts	hissing
sammy yeah	hey hey
mom	wheezing
wheezing	oh
oh	mom
ouch	phew
yes	you
you	me
me	no not you
yeah	okay
really yep	cool
right yeah	chuckling
diana mike	hold this
hey sam	yeah
groans	oh
oh	groans
groans	oh
oh	sam uh
oh	grunts
finches	fishes
bing bong	hey philly
hey philly	yeah dad
oh yeah	he s right
thumping	okay
okay	groans
phil	yeah
yeah	i love you
what	nothing
ah hey	ow
maria okay	umberto
umberto	hey coach
okay okay	great
boy grunts	whoa
he did	all he did
all he did	what nah
what nah	kill phil
to ask for	half caff
that s me	screams
all yeah	tap pull
tap pull	okay
yes	grunts
grunts	grunts
grunts	mama mia
jack	no mom
sizzling	yeah
hey philly	sighs
just serve	okay
chuckling	groans
pooh boom	groaning
oh	chuckles
ol	groaning
laughing	you okay
you okay	serve it
bury you	bury you
bury you	bury you
okay	chuckling
oh yeah	never
yeah	yeah
yeah	dad
dad	what
all right	good good
good good	good yes
ambrose	yeah
liar	jack what
but coach	mocking
hey stew	hey
we won	we won
fine	whistling
who are we	all tigers
all tigers	what
what	all tigers
whoa	let s go
good good	groans
dad yeah	dad dad
boys no	okay
shot goal	yeah
yeah	singing
no no no	grunts
go	chuckles
sam really	yeah
all right	okay
good job	thanks
horrible	okay
mmm	gags
whoa	gasping
hey coach	yeah
yeah	hey
hey	hey
we re good	good
here	what
got you	okay honey
yells	groans
grunts	yelling
alone	yeah
go hemp	laughs
killer	yeah
yeah	i like it
i like it	yeah
yeah yeah	yeah
sighs	grunts
grunts	hissing
sammy yeah	hey hey
mom	wheezing
wheezing	oh
oh	mom
ouch	phew
yes	you
you	me
me	no not you
yeah	okay
really yep	cool
right yeah	chuckling
diana mike	hold this
hey sam	yeah
groans	oh
oh	groans
groans	oh
oh	sam uh
oh	grunts
finches	fishes
phil yeah	bing bong
bing bong	hey philly
hey philly	yeah dad
oh yeah	he s right
come here	thumping
thumping	okay
okay	groans
phil	yeah
yeah	i love you
what	nothing
ah hey	ow
sniffing	um uh
maria okay	umberto
umberto	hey coach
okay okay	great
whistles	giggles
boy grunts	whoa
he did	all he did
all he did	what nah
what nah	kill phil
to ask for	half caff
that s me	screams
all yeah	tap pull
tap pull	okay
yes	grunts
grunts	grunts
grunts	mama mia
jack	no mom
sizzling	yeah
yeah	hey philly
hey philly	sighs
just serve	okay
okay	chuckling
chuckling	groans
groans	chuckles
pooh boom	groaning
grunts	oh
oh	chuckles
ol	groaning
laughing	you okay
you okay	serve it
groaning	phil honey
bury you	bury you
bury you	bury you
okay	chuckling
oh yeah	never
yeah	yeah
yeah	dad
dad	what
all right	good good
good good	good yes
ambrose	yeah
liar	jack what
but coach	mocking
hey stew	hey
we won	we won
fine	whistling
who are we	all tigers
all tigers	what
what	all tigers
whoa	let s go
good good	groans
groans	whistling
dad yeah	dad dad
boys no	okay
shot goal	yeah
yeah	singing
no no no	grunts
go	chuckles
sam really	yeah
all right	okay
good job	thanks
horrible	okay
thanks	he s okay
mmm	gags
whoa	gasping
hey coach	yeah
yeah	hey
hey	hey
we re good	good
here	what
got you	okay honey
elizabeth	yes sir
the couch	good couch
a woman	attractive
hi	hello
david what	this is it
sure	promise
oh abby	look
hey	hello
garden	nothin
david	yeah yeah
elizabeth	yes sir
the couch	good couch
a woman	attractive
hi	hello
david what	this is it
sure	promise
oh abby	look
hello	it s me
david	yeah yeah
9 times	big close
what	shut up
wes	out
somebody	talking
hand up go	hand up
um	over
brandon ok	i m sorry
come here	oh yeah
oh yeah	yeah yeah
there	laughter
maybe i am	good luck
walter no	fuck fuck
oh	oh man
oh man	beautiful
he s in	all right
you know	no
um	over
brandon ok	i m sorry
come here	oh yeah
oh yeah	yeah yeah
maybe i am	good luck
go go go	yeah
jesus	come on
no	fuck fuck
oh	oh man
oh man	beautiful
shit	he s open
you know	no
oh yes	yes
instep	nose
grant boys	mr grant
show me	play it
no	okay
oh my god	oh my god
thanks	all right
god	lordy
oh yes	yes
instep	nose
grant boys	mr grant
foreman	foreman
no	okay
oh my god	oh my god
thanks	all right
god	lordy
okay	god
just pee	fuck
oh god	good stuff
sure	no problem
goddamn it	please
whoa naomi	relax
sixteen	wow
yes	yes
i quit	what
yeah	okay then
goddamn	oh and you
okay	god
just pee	fuck
oh god	good stuff
sure	no problem
hey	hey
okay	okay
did i	i did
i did	i m sorry
gasps	groaning
moaning	oh shit
on	chuckles
door opens	hey baby
hey baby	hey
jesus rafi	excuse me
gasps	what s up
rafi rafi	hello
oh my god	what
mom	sighs
children	are work
hey	hey
okay	okay
did i	i did
i did	i m sorry
gasps	groaning
moaning	oh shit
door opens	hey baby
hey baby	hey
jesus rafi	excuse me
rafi rafi	hello
oh my god	what
mom	sighs
children	are work
gary down	he bit me
ow gotcha	ah
excuse me	excuse me
red leader	red leader
hey hey	boo
smart kid	red one
gnome	facility
seth	zoe uh
really yes	really yes
here	now
now peter	ah
gary now	ah
right	i il buy
i m scared	okay
go on	thank you
baby	come on
fine	good great
whatever	let it go
simon	yes simon
gift	what gift
forty five	forty six
forty nine	fifty
five	good seven
daddy	oh man
ready	go
walk away	good idea
good idea	0 for 2
what	come on
down set	red 58
down set	red 58
red 58	red 58 hut
oh yes sir	good
down set	y 45 hut
brucie	yeah coach
white 50	white 50
shoot him	crewe
gift	what gift
forty five	forty six
forty nine	fifty
five	good seven
daddy	oh man
ready	go
walk away	good idea
good idea	0 for 2
backfires	coughing
grunting	come on
dave oh	sputtering
ow	grunts
sputters	oh man
kevin ok	ok easy
yeah yeah	whoo hoo
kevin	cheering
screaming	whimpering
growling	now if uh
what	oh
get set	let s go
i can t	i m sorry
let s go	whoo hoo
but	i can t go
what	aw come on
sherry	very good
so what	so there
so there	and there
and there	and there
hey guys	hey girl
hello	hello
barry	who s that
nice shot	good eyes
barry	yeah
yeah yeah	usually
dancing	women
cigar	thanks
antonio	oh my boy
sure and	well
well	say rico
yeah	well i
that s all	so long
so long	hurry back
hurry back	i will
joe huh	well
yeah	well
yeah	well
watch me	sure boss
no i m not	all right
shoot	shoot rico
halt	halt
i read	you read
how was it	awful
thanks	come on
c mon boy	move it
oh	now look
knocking	not now
lots	well
well	uh
shoot	train horn
sit down	no
gillespie	yeah
i hear	bill
i see	i see
uh	well uh
no	ever been
fucking	little
little	bastard
crime	murder sir
blue eyes	blue sir
remember	i know
goodness	is chosen
go on move	hurry up
aggressive	outgoing
outgoing	young
young	bold
bold	vicious
vicious	he il do
he il do	fine
it s a sin	it s a sin
it s a sin	it s a sin
i m cured	praise god
but sirs	missus
i do this	and that
here	here
go on	lick it
very good	color
some	friends
hello lad	hello son
what	gives
what makes	you think
very nasty	it s like
good	good boy
fucking	iittle
iittle	bastard
crime	murder sir
blue eyes	blue sir
goodness	is chosen
go on move	hurry up
aggressive	outgoing
outgoing	young
young	bold
bold	vicious
vicious	he ii do
he ii do	fine
sir	655321 sir
it s a sin	it s a sin
but sirs	missus
i do this	and that
here	here
go on	lick it
very good	color sir
some	friends
heilo iad	heilo son
what	gives
what makes	you think
very nasty	it s iike
good	good boy
hi	i m kit
gold	where at
gone yeah	where
you tired	yeah
hi	yes
she okay	yes
yes	good
positive	yes
300 savage	nope
no	kit
sure thing	come on
kit	tom
jesus god	oh god
of course	dead
i hate	i hate you
max	the money
riffs	yeah right
yeah	trouble
great	yeah
oh shit	run
okay	come on
no	please
please	come on
come on	come on
no	no
this way	oh shit
kill it	kill it
what	how bad
ten	nine
real proud	good shot
i can t	why
soon	soon
so did you	damn right
bingo	marshal
okay	okay
ahora t	vete
mam	antonio
antonio	long time
coo gina	gasps tony
like what	like what
okay boss	come on
oh yeah	too bad
hello	hello
no no no	oh
snorting	sobbing
panting	sniffles
snorting	door opens
door opens	gina tony
gasps	screaming
body falls	man shouts
veg bad	veg bad
veg bad	veg bad
hutch	oh gromit
change	oh yes
and	a bullet
a bullet	a bullet
a bullet	a bullet
a bullet	a bull
gold	yes
what	what
geronimo	wallace
quiet	quiet
yeah	yeah yeah
yeah yeah	when
when	okay
stops	resumes
okay	groaning
dead	how
oh good	good
thank you	ok good
please	please
yours yes	yeah
punk	faggot
thanks cuz	yo dog
she left	what
what	all right
when	what when
who this	oh hi mama
hi mama	who this
yeah	and
pop	telephone
damn	darin
the church	oh shit
hey hey	what s up
what s up	what up d
shit	shit fuck
really	yeah
hey	hi
so	so this is
yeah so	yeah so
what s up	anyway
ricky	ricky
cut	punk ass
mama	mama
ricky	oh my god
tre	tre
dough	let me out
what s up	what s up
yes	thank you
sure	thank you
i like you	you do yes
here we go	kind of
i m back	great
larry	i m sorry
i m sorry	i m
i m	so sorry
i m	sorr
say it	okay larry
mr blue	mr brown
larry	i m sorry
i m sorry	i m
i m	so sorry
i m	sorr
larry	i m sorry
i m sorry	i m
i m	so sorry
i m sorry	i m
i m	sorr
i owe him	that s
that s	who i am
help me	help me
early	yeah
what karma	you know
who gets	the water
what	no
hi honey	mama
s ouch	s h ouch
sure	okay
come on	thank you
am i late	i m sorry
look what	look
hold it	shoot
wrong	wrong
early	wait
i	wish
i	wish
early	early
boring	boring
fucker	boring
california	adele
adele	mama
goddamn it	peaches
no	shut up
lf love	ls shelter
aaaaah	groaning
sipping	green
you win	it s yours
you ready	one
one	two
two	three
hmm	two
warm	warmer
warmer	disco
disco	hello
thank you	call for
fuck	dialling
lance	shit
chuckles	ohh oh man
no come on	you re him
butch	butch
moans	say it
okay okay	moans
lf love	is shelter
aaaaah	groaning
sipping	green
you win	it s yours
you ready	one
one	two
two	three
hmm	two
warm	warmer
warmer	disco
disco	hello
thank you	call for
lance	shit
chuckles	ohh oh man
no come on	you re him
butch	butch
okay okay	moans
lf love	ls shelter
aaaaah	groaning
sipping	green
you win	it s yours
you ready	one
one	two
two	three
hey	in here
like what	like death
hello mick	hello sue
no	lucky
no sir	no sir
billy	billy
billy	billy
i m coming	all right
groans	man down
screams	groans
yeah right	uh huh
gasps	oh
oh	oh my god
thank you	chattering
oh god	oh god
oh god	okay okay
panting	hey ginger
groaning	gasps
groans	man down
screams	groans
yeah right	uh huh
gasps	oh
oh	oh my god
thank you	chattering
oh god	oh god
oh god	okay okay
go man go	lane shit
lane shit	gunshots
gunshots	cop stop
come on go	lane aaah
aah	shit
fuck fuck	gunshots
gunshots	aah
aah	aah
oh	laughter
laughter	lenny
lenny	laughs
keith	keith yeah
ohh	ohh
who	siren
siren	oh shit
siren	siren
ha ha ha	horn honks
ok come on	excuse us
call me ok	faith
faith	call me
cheering	your heart
oh my holy	aah
gasping	lenny
lenny	lenny
aah	crying
no	oh
oh	gasping
oh my god	gasping
gasping	gasping
strangling	god uhh
god uhh	silence
barking	whimpering
shit	mace fuck
mace	you see
mace	come on
tick	come on
tell us	faith
uhh	aah no
uhh	groans
no	no
max you ok	mmm
any second	aah
never	faith
max aah	lenny oh
lenny oh	cheering
cheering	ohh
ohh	oh
come here	come here
out	love
hold it	hold on
lenny	lenny
lenny yeah	what
six five	four
four	three
three	two
two	one
hold on	hold on
who is it	why
understand	go on pee
what	the kid
look	mills
they were	fed to him
pride lust	and envy
and envy	seven
seven	hold on
yeah why	why
why	why
well	sorry what
wait	what
what	here
that s all	that s all
not once	you
jesus	victor
aw man	goddamn
i love you	so much
down	faster
you know	yeah
forever	yeah
get out	slowly
slowly	stop
stop	stay
what	tracy
become	wrath
wrath	she s okay
oh god	oh god
what	the kid
look	mills
they were	fed to him
pride lust	and envy
and envy	seven
seven	hold on
yeah why	why
why	why
well	sorry what
wait	what
what	here
that s all	that s all
not once	you
fuck me	dicks
jesus	victor
aw man	goddamn
i love you	so much
down	faster
forever	yeah
get out	slowly
slowly	stop
stop	stay
what	tracy
become	wrath
wrath	she s okay
oh god	oh god
is that it	yep
fuck off	see you
i love you	so much
sunday	sunday
forever	yeah
get out	slowly
slowly	stop
stop	stay
turn	okay go
what	tracy
become	wrath
oh god	oh god
wait what	here
two	three
three	you lose
guess	a fire
let s go	i mean it
then what	that s all
don t go	back off
watch it	it s cool
no	i swear it
you try	why me try
sayid	snoopy
you cool	great
fuck	don t vinz
watch	one bullet
do it	chill guys
easy	freeze
forget it	bastard
hi girls	i m sayid
i can	shut up
shut up	vinz what
ready	three
holy fuck	i m wasted
shit	freeze
excuse me	in english
yes	do it
do it	do it now
sorry	it s ok
careful	asshole
hurry up	c mon
think back	somebody
somebody	with power
no sir why	edie
what	nothing
who	after that
you kiddin	well
yeah	oh jeez
ah jeez so	ah jeez
jeez	say lou
fuck fuck	fuck fuck
yah	well yah
brainerd	yah yah
mike	marge
marge	jeez
oh jeez	okay
yah okay	twice okay
jeez well	jeez
no wait	no wait
yah	so
yah	i guess
sure	come on in
good guess	thanks
beer	beer
beer	of course
no	funny
shut up	here
no	violet c
oh god	groans
groans	vi
johnnie	that fuck
good	done
family	now
fuck oh no	fuck
hey	come on
laughing	hey caesar
and i will	maybe
yes	no
yells	grunting
do you	do you
no	me neither
silence	hi hi
on the q t	and very
and very	hush hush
you okay	shes fine
come on	get down
hey guys	guys
move	youre sick
and very	hush hush
lts her	my baby
oh baby	bad news
damn it	my glasses
police	dont shoot
louis	what
dont	white
white	1 in 6
big jack	hes back
hes back	jacks back
lts bud	bud
really	how
another	yeah
thats him	thats him
lnside	outside
deal	deal
rollo	tomasi
when	now
however	right now
and	and what
back off	back off
later	now
oh jesus	help me up
you okay	yeah
who is he	you are
on the q t	and very
and very	hush hush
you okay	she s fine
come on	get down
hey guys	guys
and very	hush hush
it s her	my baby
oh baby	bad news
damn it	my glasses
louis	what
don t	white
big jack	he s back
really	how
another	yeah
that s him	that s him
inside	outside
deal	deal
rollo	tomasi
when	now
however	right now
and	and what
back off	back off
later	now
oh jesus	help me up
you okay	yeah
who is he	you are
beaumont	beaumont
sure	cool
bigger	yeah
shit	you okay
no thanks	okay
wanna fuck	yeah
louis	what
all right	let s roll
joe	wake up
about us	no
you ran	i ran
just talk	since when
thanks	sorry
what steps	steps
miss webb	yeah
fuck	fuck
when	where
it was	something
miss webb	is it miss
is it miss	yes
yes	miss webb
gambling	yeah
yeah	yeah
thank you	thank you
seniors	quiet down
quiet down	seniors
move	god bitch
out	not me
come on	tell me
order	order
order	miss king
bobby who	her father
all right	all right
that s it	slowly
fuck	maya fuck
maya fuck	maya
hold this	hold it
of course	of course
i m i was	you just
maybe	take mine
here we go	i m sorry
that s it	we got him
sam hi	hi sandra
not a word	never mind
i miss dad	jesus
to stop	and did he
shall i	yes
there	thanks
with me	put her on
put her on	impossible
impossible	why
hello	saori
saori	darling
ready	yes
go ahead	dial 85o1
may i	yes
yes	you saeko
you saeko	what
disguise	yes
thanks	what
i see	please
see to it	captain
what	it s over
ma	ma
i can t	why not
s a r a	g o l d
g o l d	f a r b
f a r b	dynamite
dynamite	dynamite
here we go	alright
wait ty	look
come to me	harry
look	l know
l love you	and
and	l m sorry
like	l m me and
yeah	l guess so
how much	two two
look	baby
i m old	alone
a day	sheeit
hello	marion
marion	harry
harry	marion
soon	when
when	soon
yes	yes sir
and three	and two
okay ready	and three
no	no
run it	yes sir
yeah	you do
some	how s work
excuse me	sorry
sorry	campbell
hold on	hello
he s right	he s right
yeah ok	forty
me	yeah
rings bell	hi
helping me	like this
smash	awake
awake	where am i
motel room	oh
phew	fuck
oh fuck	sorry
car horn	car horn
yeah	uh huh
who	who
did you	no
sorry	that s ok
abracadoo	i lose you
yeah ok	forty
me	yeah
rings bell	hi
helping me	like this
smash	awake
awake	where am l
motel room	oh
phew	fuck
oh fuck	sorry
car horn	car horn
yeah	uh huh
who	who
did you	no
sorry	that s ok
abracadoo	i lose you
natalie	my car
my car	teddy
dial tone	dialing
sg1 3	7i u
sighing	she s gone
where am i	motel room
motel room	groans
come on	hi teddy
clattering	urinating
abracadoo	i lose you
who	who
did you	no
sorry	that s ok
teddy	hey teddy
teddy	jimmy
no hands	nor eyes
i il see	come in
come in	wait here
my son	wait here
what for	what for
blood	veins
go on	don t
no hands	nor eyes
i ii see	come in
my son	wait here
what for	what for
fucking	shit
shit	fuck
a grenade	thanks
blood	veins
shoot	watch out
go on	don t
but i am	kiii him
kiii him	do it
uh arizona	arizona
follow me	bien
carl	my husband
not you	you
in school	yes
yes	private
private	yeah
so	right now
do you	do you
fuck you	fuck you
okay	okay okay
yes	alex solid
okay	i promise
yeah	hi
and sarah	um
yes	lets go no
no	no
uh arizona	arizona
follow me	bien
carl	my husband
not you	you
in school	yes
yes	private
private	yeah
carol	oh sweetie
so	right now
do you	do you
fuck you	fuck you
okay	okay okay
yes	alex solid
okay	i promise
yeah	hi
and sarah	um
oh my god	shit
okay	we got one
here we go	dear john
ping ping	ping ping
ping	farva
forty five	my god
no	no
no	no
any of you	any of you
no what	not until
you nathan	it s 12 22
hello	signora
excuse me	excuse me
max daddy	jessie
until	until
until	until
patrick	patrick
your life	absolutely
open it	get inside
flies buzz	pants
puffs	flies buzz
flies buzz	whimpers
sobs	whimpers
frankie	thanks
laughs	laughter
baby	see me
see me	call baby
yeah	but you
yeah	sorry
fuckin	comebag
ok bye	bye
sorry	mutters
chuckles	laughter
come on	come on
mike geoff	geoff
gasps	squeaks
squeaks	grunts
hello hoyt	yes sir
yeah yeah	good
move it	hey
gentlemen	whimpering
thirsty	mmm
from egypt	choking
they	they
oh jesus	sighs so
squawking	squawking
oh shut up	ow
shh	shh
chuckles	well sir
i m sorry	thanks
oh	thirsty
pardon	sighs
no	no go on
d d d day	d d d day
d d d day	d d d day
d d d day	d d d day
yes ma m	okay
blasted	busted
goddamn it	marty
fuck yeah	fuck
thank you	sure
for murder	i was 8
yeah sure	all right
all right	here
dave simon	lt lamarca
graciella	graciella
is it hot	no
shut up	also
i m busy	yes sir
michael	what
easy easy	easy
jesus	michael
i was yeah	all right
will do	thank you
how was it	oh mike
you hungry	no
i guess so	yourself
pa	pa
help	help us
help us	help
help	help
help	help us
math huh	yeah
here	downstairs
think	think
pa	pa
pa	pa
pa	pa pa
i m busy	yes sir
jesus	michael
i was yeah	all right
mm hm	uh huh
uh huh	will do
will do	thank you
you hungry	no
i guess so	yourself
pa	pa
help us	help
help	help
help	help us
math huh	yeah
here	downstairs
think	think
pa	pa
pa	pa
i m busy	yes sir
michael	what
easy easy	easy
jesus	michael
i was yeah	all right
will do	thank you
how was it	oh mike
you hungry	no
i guess so	yourself
pa	pa
help	help us
help us	help
help	help
help	help us
math huh	yeah
here	downstairs
think	think
pa	pa
pa	pa
pa	pa pa
yeah i see	oh god
no no what	not me
hello	oh god no
no	she s nice
she s nice	she s okay
oh my god	who s mr d
chuckles	i know you
yeah	i had help
grunts	oh god
oh god	grunts
grunts	moaning
moaning	panting
hello	screams
sighs	squeaking
so then	it s what
no she s	she s nice
she s nice	she s okay
different	continues
run run	groans
will	molly
molly	shoot what
shoot what	groaning
st michael	who is it
hey boyo	johnny
aaah	aaah aaah
sir please	excuse me
ah hey	no
whoo	let s go
johnny	help
aah	help
is that it	that s it
ghoul	ghoul
aaah	aah aah
aah aah	aah aaaaah
oh jesus	unh
me nothing	nothing
which	four
uh	everdeane
thank you	open it
open it	hold it up
sir	your lady
your lady	right
ohh	i m sorry
wait	what
what	wait
get back	uhh
ohhh	aaaaaaah
jenny	bill
calm down	aaaah
jenny	bill
yes	you
the liver	the spleen
the spleen	the kidney
the lung	the liver
the liver	the tongue
sheriff	sheriff
twice	twice
no pistols	good boy
amen	amen
amen	amen
david	erin hey
david	erin
she s mine	tyrone
tyrone	tyrone
what	tire
david	erin hey
david	erin
she s mine	tyrone
tyrone	tyrone
what	tire
redress	good job
ron	tom
any good	the best
who did it	hernandez
associate	laila
bbuilshit	aii rise
security	granted
major no	stop
yes	yes
is it true	what
who me	oh my god
bbuilshit	he iied
tommy	claire
get in	no
charlie	what
okay baby	no charlie
jackie	no
jackie	jackie
sure	im sorry
dont	its okay
reaily	yeah
yeah	so
no	shit
around 3	she said
capricorn	stubborn
yeah	i m sorry
stop	stop
flower	come to me
wake up	darl
get off	no
come on	hurry up
big kiss	you too
no	look don t
hello	stu yeah
here	here
three	two one
yes	yes
ten cops	vietnam
oh god	don t
big kiss	you too
here	here
big kiss	you too
here	here
yes what	yes
yoo hoo	yoo hoo
hello	good good
abigal	shit
yes	what
what	yes
mom	wait wait
my puffer	your what
mommy	abby
in a cabin	a cabin
a cabin	yes
no	no
fuck fuck	shit
he hit me	put him on
okay	bathroom
abby	ready
argh	you cut me
abby mommy	abby
pull it	no
ah yes	right
no	abby
yeah	she s it
get in	joey
others die	on three
on three	one
two	three
we will	when
thank you	sit down
start time	let s see
4 counties	6 deaths
6 deaths	30 cases
don terry	charlie
he does	you do
eplsode 3	vectors
no	my husband
bowling	or golf
eppes	right
uh bowling	really
hey	hey
come on	come on
or not	hello
start time	let s see
others die	on three
what	why
what	why
what	why
hairy	snatcher
snatcher	and naive
come naive	let s go
who is it	go see
gangs	soul fans
hairy	snatcher
snatcher	and naive
come naive	let s go
bitch	whore
who is it	go see
whoo hoo	whoo hoo
wake up	orange
orange	give em up
hi	hi
on three	one
oh	i il live
hi	hey
you got it	yes okay
hey ben	hey
trig	uh yeah
hey	thanks
oh oh	nice
nice	good job
what s up	hey
check	portugal
correct	johnson
johnson	excellent
i got it	got what
yeah	i got it
oh my god	oh
ha ha	your turn
your turn	fucker
fucker	what
what	no hot tub
oh yeah	oh yes
come on	oh
ow	damn dude
screw you	let s go
hi guys	hey hey
aw	shit
shit	sorry virg
all right	hey tracy
what	what
give it up	yeah
is that it	i m hungry
ow	here
here	thank you
thank you	jeez
hey hi	you re ben
you re ben	yeah
um econ	econ yeah
what	yeah
yeah	whoo
whoo	go get em
how was it	how was it
hey	and han
daric	sorry
beer	okay
exactly	oh yeah
yeah	yeah
yeah	no i can t
so	at all
fuck yeah	that s it
hey steph	hey ben
hey	hey hello
hey hello	hey
all right	ben
ben	i m good
okay	all right
all right	thank you
of course	got my gun
ben	ben
ben	ben
virg	here 150
fuck	oh shit
yeah	all right
aw fuck	fuck man
fuck it	ah jesus
steve	get in
and laugh	and laugh
and laugh	and laugh
and laugh	and laugh
and laugh	and laugh
doyle	hi doyle
hello	sorry what
he did not	he did too
hey class	all hey
oh	does he
does he	no
yeah	yes good
doyle	come on
come on	sit
baby	baby
hmm	oh
i can t	okay
10 period	two
so	fuck you
whatever	you stupid
18	are you 18
maybe	maybe
oh please	get the
hey hey	hey
hey	hey
jesus	jake relax
good good	hoo
what	no
jason yes	jacob
exactly	no no
fuck	fuck
mary	mary
what	huh
is there	yeah
yeah	yeah
hey	hey
cool	i got it
da	yeah
ugh	uhh
why please	why why
all right	all right
all right	come on
hey	hey hey
hey hey	stop it
stop it	aah
do it	no do it
no	do it
frank	stop
stop	frank
frank	aaahhhh
4	both 3 2 1
doyle	hi doyle
hello	sorry what
he did not	he did too
hey class	hey
oh	does he
does he	no
yeah	yes good
doyle	come on
come on	sit
baby	baby
hmm	oh
i can t	okay
10 period	two
so	fuck you
whatever	you stupid
18	are you 18
maybe	maybe
30 75 000	75 000
really	really
really	thank you
come on	all right
right here	you sure
yeah sure	let s see
you ready	i guess so
555 0199	0199
yes no	no
no	paul cabot
stop jesus	mathias
are we	i m not
shit wait	wait no
thank you	let s go
right here	you sure
yeah sure	let s see
right	right
555 01 99	01 99
yes no	no
no	paul cabot
stop jesus	mathias
are we	i m not
shit wait	wait no
thank you	let s go
hello	hi
boomer	come here
eeny	meeny
meeny	miny
how is it	it s good
sure	oh
hi	hi
you rang	yes i rang
hey	hey
ready yeah	go
morning	hey
oh okay	yeah now
no what	pictures
how is it	it s good
you rang	yes i rang
hey	hey
ready yeah	go
morning	hey
oh okay	yeah now
no what	pictures
steve	stephen
i got one	stop
bye	see ya bye
understand	yeah
you better	i promise
oh hi	hi
sort of	how much
wow	cool
morning	morning
pardon	an hour
no sir	100 000
uh doug	mr mahowny
okay	yeah sure
hey	you okay
okay	hey
mahowny	banker
no	what a guy
hi dan	hi uh
okay	okay
honey	yeah
cash	fuck
wh	good feel
what	yes
the usual	drugs
bernie	yeah
i m	sorry
yeah	all right
yeah	right
mm hm	already
already	incredible
i know	it
no bet	wimp
hi	hi
hi	hi
hey	new car
new car	you like
five bucks	five bucks
what	holy shit
shoot out	eleven
mr m	yeah
no no sir	come on
thirteen	thirteen
twenty	twenty
fuck fuck	screams
fuck	fuck fuck
fuck fuck	fuck
go go go	hey
erotica	romance
erotica	romance
jake	customs
right now	good
you	are
are	you
you	are
you	are
are	you
you	are
are	you
you	are
are	you
you	are
you	are
are	you
you	are
you	are
are	you
you	are
are	home home
fuck	fuck fuck
fuck fuck	fuck
for what	hello
go go go	hey
jake	customs
right now	good
yes yes no	no
or me	buzzing
buzzing	sniffing
cristina	chuckles
paul	yeah
inhales	exhales
ana ana	telephone
thank you	horn honks
i love you	oh
some devil	some angel
yes yes no	no
or me	buzzing
buzzing	sniffing
cristina	chuckles
inhales	exhales
ana ana	telephone
thank you	horn honks
i love you	i love you
i love you	oh
some devil	some angel
pauline	pauline
frannie	frannie
no	no no
hurry up	hurry up
mother	damn it
damn it	fuck
slow down	i m bored
what	oh nothing
copy	nice kick
so	do i pass
sorry	shepard
drop	oh yeah oh
oh me me	me
two fisted	yeah
intimate	yes
hey	i
i don t	know
mike	mike
come on	come on
what	oh nothing
copy that	copy
copy	nice kick
so	do i pass
shepard	mike
sorry	shepard
shepard	yeah
drop	oh yeah oh
oh me me	me
two fisted	yeah
intimate	yes
hey	i
i don t	know
mike	mike
no	aah aah
aah	sure
a few aah	max
look at me	look at me
no shit	holy cow
aw w	lola
yes sir	ah sophie
is that so	shall we
shall we	we shall
good	okay
sophie	nice gun
hello	what
what	what
dear god	shit
what	how
on and on	yeah eah
no	aah aah
aah	sure
a few aah	max
look at me	look at me
no shit	holy cow
aw	lola
yes sir	ah sophie
is that so	shall we
shall we	we shall
good	okay
sophie	nice gun
hello	what
dear god	shit
hello	there
what	how
oh yeah	yo
on and on	yeah eah
shit guys	a mouse
hi dennis	hi leo
klein s	who else
leo	oome in
oome in	hi ohristo
she ok	just ok
his name	vrinks
you hear	klein
morty	terence
terence	clarkie
kinky	the duke
the duke	slasher
mr lucky	troop
yeah okay	good night
with	a rock
yes i am	extremely
i don t	i mean l
he s cute	he was
he s late	yes he is
a reaction	favorable
it s him	freeze
and that	is not
is not	okay
therefore	it s mine
help	help me
help me	help
scott	she s here
lobby	all right
mrs asher	mrs asher
mrs asher	mrs asher
illeana	illeana
fuck you	fuck you
why not	come on
what	when
when	today
today	but why
hi	hi
okay	let s go
juan	hold on
really	you too
traveling	tell me
let s go	no hold on
orders	no sir
eighteen	boyfriend
yes or no	no
big eater	normal
let s see	this is
this is	800
she s	you know
like 500	maria
okay	and you
no espanol	get it
to queens	queens
queens yes	i take you
i take you	taxi
who is it	hello
come on	let her go
take it	come on
come on	here
tonight	c minus
said what	the n word
3 000	5 000
10 000	20 000
fine	sold
let it out	let it out
hes a man	youre sick
shopping	te
te	tex
tex	text
text	text r
text r	text ri
text ri	text rip
text rip	text ripp
tonight	c minus
said what	the n word
3 000	5 000
10 000	20 000
fine	sold
let it out	let it out
eighty	all right
all right	all right
sighs	fuck
yo	son
groans	aaaagh
so i guess	giggles
laughs	richard
okay	all right
sure	yeah sure
yeah sure	absolutely
excuse me	uh
nope	still here
i just	i remember
hom honks	no
sniffs	huh
i would	yeah
jakeem	all right
take care	you tco
nah	nah
yet	i hope not
ungh	oooh
sighs	first rule
no guns	all right
gunshot ow	now what b
don t trip	go ahead
whooshing	oh shit
walk	bitch
it s c4	excuse me
yo	yo yo
oh yeah	oh come on
oh come on	ticking
laughing	yeah
yeah	ha ha
ha ha	oh yeah
oh yeah	yeah
snarling	howling
howling	snarling
get the	gruhts
play ball	batter up
you ready	fuck you
laughter	hang tough
lets go	come on
roaring	screams
who s here	gunshots
gunshots	roars
hurry up	come on
you owe me	what
fuckin	dumb kid
moans	aagh
okay okay	it s mine
it s mine	okay
aaagh	screaming
screaming	sizzling
rings	sighs
how much	ten grand
diana	diana
right now	why not
fine	move
instinct	instinct
um yeah	sure
hello	hello
hello	diana
hello ali	ali
ali	hello
ali	you failed
hello	hello
mommy	aagh
aagh	jesus
ali ali	mommy
no god	god no
god no	argh
no	no no
game over	argh argh
adam	well adam
larry ali	you failed
fath son	clara
check in 3	not bad
chanting	come on
no no no	cheering
who is she	silvia
silvia	keller
keller	keller
49th 42nd	good next
good next	move on
silvia	silvia
read it	read it
laurie	keller
next ma am	what
who is she	silvia
cell phone	hi ma
silvia	keller
keller	keller
good next	move on
silvia	silvia
read it	read it
laurie	keller
hello	excuse me
excuse me	sir hello
this is it	yeah
he	yeah
homicide	maybe
runaway	maybe
a m	initials
initials	yeah
no you	yeah
nice	too nice
too nice	braces
braces	had to be
easily	he id d
no face	no problem
yes	a musician
done	okay
hey stella	yeah
yes	open up
yes hq	yes sir
armed	a little
is here	we re here
ours	no theirs
ready	ready
yes hq	yes sir
is here	we re here
land	ours
ours	no theirs
ready	climb
300	take aim
who s dead	wounded
all right	stan
stan	stan
fuck	stan
benny	benny
i know	here it is
yeah	cool
so	mathilda
ok	good
eighteen	eighteen
ok	ok
ok	position
gene kelly	good
no	yes
yes	no
no	yes
yes	yes
thank you	all right
why not	too heavy
no	yes
mathilda	mathilda
stan	stan
yes	so say it
i told you	benny
lon	lon
get up	up
up	come on up
one right	two right
two right	up
five	six
six	seven
seven	eight
eight	nine
five	six
four	five
one	two
six	seven
eight	come on
that s it	atta boy
all right	speech
murder	betrayal
magdalene	magdalene
please	stay
judith	judith
look	in my eyes
mary	martha
i know	i know
let him go	all of you
mother	magdalene
mary	look
come in	come here
jesus	and he
black	not moving
let s go	sorry guys
back off	get back
you okay	fine
five low	too slow
oh shit	dyson yeah
applause	cheering
hi	hi there
blood oath	blood oath
550	klingon 6
klingon 6	600 600
1 000	1 100
1 100	1 100
what 1 200	yeah
1 200	13
13	1 300
1 300	klingon 14
klingon 14	14 1 400
14 1 400	going once
qapla man	qapla
you think	no
no	action
hoh hoh	hoh hoh
y eah	thank you
uh huh	on
the suitor	the wife
christine	lisette
a piano	a pianola
julie	i m sorry
no	nothing
hey	hi
to you	married
dip	dip indeed
bill	eldo
say nerd	nerd
calm down	say oooo
say oooo	yes
mother	i m back
commander	i
i know	but
father	father
why oh why	was i born
sekiguchi	hold on
my boy	my boy
get lost	move
thanks	good luck
no okay	need help
tight	affluent
why why	why not
seth is	against me
nurse	nurse
oh my god	oh my god
shit	oh my god
frodo	silence no
silence no	silence
pull back	pull back
no	no
yes	yes
frodo	frodo
oh	pity
we re uh	you il see
here	in america
absolutely	absolutely
but where	how
run	hide
hide	or die
stop	stop it
water	shallow
jack	what
maybe	guys
vincent	sayid
kate	kate
kate	locke
yes	this
this	yes
this	yes
mcdo	taco bell
taco bell	taco bell
13 39	13 39
second try	88 92 94
okay	who s that
who s that	don t know
wendy	who s that
who is it	mcdonald
campbell s	meatballs
round	good job
okay	okay okay
hello	hello
bye bye	bye
wow	oh yeah
oh yeah	oh boy
oh sh	henry
henry	jacob
oh really	what 16
what 16	16 yeah
there go	go go go
oh man	oh man
it s like	well
oh god	i love you
thanks	kid
me too	mr peters
are you no	i m not
no i can t	come on
and wait	and wait
and wait	and wait
good	your name
excuse me	major
good night	good night
play it	yes boss
sascha	french 75
to america	to america
yes	yes i know
i won t	good night
all right	i will
here it is	thanks
yes	who
listen	guns
food drink	all right
milk milk	hurry
of all the	oh carol
carol	carol
carol	carol
oh god	god
god	god
but	at least
the fence	yes boy
what	i did
father	good name
let me go	father
father	father
father	father
father	daddy
daddy	daddy
daddy	father
father	father
father	father
yes	me too
marisela	yes
all yours	yes ma am
10	300
too much	3 000
joe joe	ah joe
let s hope	i m sure
breathe	hard
hard	again
giuseppe	pasquale
attention	turn left
who is he	a new guy
yes yes	okay good
master	what is it
boys	boys boys
giuseppe	giuseppe
scalding	stella
waiter	waiter
yes	hi ya
fresh fish	fish
fish	fresh fish
well steve	i m out
i m out	two bucks
sorry	excuse me
get out	get out
i know	gently
gently	gently
gently	gently
well	sure
sure	ok
doorbell	excuse me
barada	nikto
hello	i
well	sure
sure	ok
doorbell	excuse me
barada	nikto
hello	i
bang	bang
stop it	stop it
lewis fred	fred
bang bang	bang bang
oh joe	joe
shane	i m sorry
the usual	loneliness
loneliness	loneliness
loneliness	precisely
no i don t	why not
the usual	loneliness
loneliness	loneliness
loneliness	precisely
no i don t	why not
goodbye	goodbye
thanks doc	bye bye
okay	oh really
ted	thank you
ma	joey
hello	hello
hello	yes marion
okay okay	all right
well	normal
31 0	1 02
1 02	340
340	350
yes i do	look at me
look at me	look at me
no	no
no	lf you go
hello	hello
viridiana	excuse me
yes sir	good night
don t go	leave
miss	i m a cook
nice knife	good lord
cut	like that
when	some time
any time	good night
sure	why not
why not	thank you
sure	today sure
all right	coming
end it	yes
really	i m sorry
oh fred	fred
here oat	cat
moon river	and me
three	one
remember	no
stairs	corridors
corridors	stairs
shh	quiet shh
one two	three
three	four jem
scout	come on in
come on in	five
five	six
nine	ten
ten	eleven
eleven	twelve
twelve	thirteen
thirteen	fourteen
jem	shh
come on	come on
no	i don t
yes sir	when
jem	yes m
yes ma am	yak dung
no	you no
tom	tom boy
we feel	what is it
yes	nothing
can t they	anything
yes sir	raymond
yes sir	ben
monday	yep monday
yes sir	here
dad	help
aop aop	up there
i had to	get out
sobbing	mother
cawing	screaming
gasping	swallowing
no no	shh shh
mitch shh	stay there
oh oh oh	oh oh
yes	yes
hi	hi
hello	hello
it s mitch	for you
two	three
very happy	yes yes
what	had known
thank you	cleopatra
and her	his wife
your dad	francis
excuse me	and mili
it s me	no
fuck	excuse me
toto	toto
sound	editor
men	men
good night	wait wait
peter	aha naked
just okay	look
what is it	well
mum	dad
mr abe	what
your name	it s maya
it s maya	i m miyo
pacific	north
stuff them	a curse
it hurts	course not
listen sen	help me
pineapples	pineapples
ah yes	the deal
shikiten	keep watch
one	two
two	three
three	pull
come on	quickly
my husband	wait
i see	that s it
come on	try me
say	hachi
a demon	demon
there is	i saw it
wait	wait
you re	it s me
yes	it was me
yes yes	yes i will
you can	sure
sure	i m sure
take	why why
hey	virginia
it s yes	yes
yes	yes
i sign	ah greek
greek	greek
himself	canavaro
sobbing	bouboulina
ohh	go away
you see	yes me too
then	and then
you	really
well	no
boss hmm	boss what
grunts	hissing
stop stop	stops go
here it is	what is it
oh yes	look
tsk	excuse me
who	everybody
well i shh	what
yes	oh let her
laughs	greek
greek	greek
oh read it	please
i m sorry	oh oh
who s that	it s me
laughs	oh
whimpers	shh
yelping	come on
hey hey	gunshot
laughing	laughing
up up	up up
let me go	let me go
jere	loosen up
get him	no
strelnikov	i met him
lunch	good
tonya	yuri tonya
yuri tonya	yuri tonya
i came go	go
clay	clay
doesn t it	not to me
alfie	alfie
bye gilda	god bless
99 100	what 99
hold it	gotcha
alfie	yeah
nine eight	seven six
my son	mother
halt	stop
i il go	come on
start	stop
stand up	stand up
queen	queen look
let us go	lead me
speak	in corinth
he was	he died
come down	you rascal
quiet	shut up
yes yeah	come on
okay	yeah
shut up	what
what	shut up
shut up	i said god
cups	well
good bye	good bye
joe joe	joe
love you	love you
for what	for money
not bad	not bad
a 6	g 49
g 49	g 49
g 49	i 24
i 24	i 24
what this	what this
let s uh	ieave now
your place	or mine
oh my wow	too much
lay	hey pay
hey pay	iay
okay	okay
i m hungry	kantaro
greet them	get tea
well	it s empty
no father	i won t go
jihei	koharu
koharu	finally
game	even
even	odd
odd	i won
sister	no
new game	objections
listen up	first me
first me	like this
then	you
let s go	hurry
in	solarls
no	why
ivaro	ivaro
hiding	fucking
hello	ln here
fuck me	fuck me
no	why not
why not	i m afraid
no	why
no not me	i didn t
cold	yeah
in time	no now
no now	in time
come in	thank you
damien	amen
no	why
in time	no now
no now	in time
come in	thank you
damien	amen
one	two three
two three	four
all right	mr harding
please	you see
hit me	ace hit me
very good	yummy
mr harding	y i merci
all right	all right
go ahead	okay
right	all right
all right	okay
okay up	that s it
no problem	right here
and hooks	hooks
go ahead	go ahead
am i right	so what
mac mac	no
canada	canada
no ma am	jim
yes ma am	yes ma am
fuck it	fuck it
not now	not now
not now	when then
my cap	my cap
my cap	there
and weep	hit me
right quin	yes
yes	good day
good day	good day
yes	in the war
i love you	i love you
no sir	good
daughters	militia
daughters	militia
go on	eat it
it s 3 am	it is
enter	bad time
captain	visitors
lily lily	aw shit
which one	that one
it s 3 am	it is
enter	bad time
captain	visitors
lily lily	aw shit
which one	that one
open wide	far out
don t know	maybe
t s coming	damn right
jay is	jay
reay	that s a
m sorry	m so sorry
what	hungry
you scared	are you
nineteen	we m 34
and ki me	what
what s up	nothing
a chuck	chuck
chuck	hiya chuck
dwight	ziegler
what	what
no no	hold it
1 2	3 4 5
3 4 5	6 7
6 7	8 9 10
me	no me dead
it s over	the end
ready	all aboard
yes it was	nice work
i m mozita	mozita
mi amor	mi alma
come on	take this
bye	no go on
secret	iris
iris	what
it s weird	hear it
lies	what
stop	stop stop
get it huh	not deaf
i mean	here i go
you	hey
what	one shot
steven	hey hey
yeah	you would
you would	mm hmm
man oh man	hey nick
hey stosh	i said no
mike	mike oh
mike oh	oh god
forever	stop
hey	what
bastards	ouch
ouch	you okay
you okay	shit
shit	your hand
which way	no
no	what
um	what
come on	let s go
let s go	why
stop	huh
smell	i smell
look	an escapee
this way	no
wait	you re not
huh	kill me
chance	chance
intense	perhaps
he	works on
yes sir	thank you
chauncey	bobby
i was yes	i m sorry
this	no
watch	over her
a flower	yes
chance	yes
beii rings	break out
name	morris
right away	yes sir
charley	yeah
year 1898	cough
all right	all right
chalky	cheering
yah	cheering
steph	yeah
band plays	band plays
jim 0h	ho
uh 0h	0oh
down ere	come on
yeah	yeah
ferdy	jim
fuck off	you slag
rain on me	whoa
whoa	0n me
rain on me	rain on me
rain on me	love
no don t	oh my god
shall we	yeah
swann s	grob p
no no no	no no no
no	no no
this	this junk
mount up	boy
dismount	dismount
get down	get down
good bye	blue sky
of hunger	roar
this sea	of faces
i	feel
vera	vera
it s over	walk on by
goodbye	blue sky
of hunger	roar
this sea	of faces
i	feel
vera	vera
it s over	walk on by
home	you did it
home	home
hunchback	hunchback
elliott	oh elliott
no	no
groaning	downstairs
e t	elliott
please	stay
stay	together
stay	elliott
elliott	stay
stay	stay
stay	stay
please	just relax
more drugs	quiet
yeah	i wish
i wish	i wish too
ah ha	phone home
phone home	phone home
yes	aah
stay	shut up
shut up	phone
phone	phone home
phone home	quiet
phone home	phone home
phone home	phone home
phone home	elliott
elliott	elliott
elliott	elliott
elliott	stay
stay	stay
elliott	crying
no	no
no	no no
he s alive	he s alive
he s alive	all right
the boys	what boys
quiet	oh my god
hang on	runff
we made it	whoa
whoa	whoa
thank	you
stay	ahh
i il be	right here
five	oh great
stop it	sorry
in there	woo ha
runff	runff
aarh	aah
aah	aah aarh
aah aarh	aarh aah
elliott	sit down
ma	mom
mom	mom
mom	michael
michael	mom
o k	no tv
come on	come on
come on	come on
come on	come on
me human	boy
boy	elliott
ell i ott	elliott
harv	aahr
this	this
this	aah
aah	aahr
aarh	aah
oh my god	one thing
aahr	aah
stop	aahr
aahr	aah
aah	aah
aah	mmm
aah	aahr
absolutely	bye mom
bye mom	whew
uhhh	elliott
ahhr	what is it
no	but look
help me	no please
no please	give it
give it	promise
promise	yes
runff	runff
hello	ahhr
ahhr	jer jerry
we re here	use this
earth	home
home	home
home	home
follow him	o k
mmm	mmrrr
x w v u	a f p
is n u i	s a n c e
s a n c e	yeow
eww	that s it
here he is	here s who
mmm	med bugs
basket	bandit
bandit	ball
bugs	bananas
b	b
b	biscuits
biscuits	b
b	but b
but b	b
b	you said b
you said b	good
good	b
b	good
two times	two times
two times	start now
start now	go ahead
go ahead	o k
o k	phone
phone	phone
phone	phone
phone	ph phone
oh god	elliott
elliott	what
what	elliott
elliott	elliott
e t	e t
e t	ha ha
e t	home phone
come	home
home	home
old spice	sea breeze
ouch	ouch
a few hiss	ohh
ready	ready
ooh	ohh
ohh	ouch
ouch	o k
thank you	thank you
thank you	thank you
thank you	aah oohh
ohh	bye
a flower	okay
oh brother	stifle it
good night	good night
okay one	two three
one two	three four
did not	come on
one two	three four
three four	five
i love you	i love it
just look	just watch
mom	mommy
it s just	people
when	in 1976
okay	steven
fantastic	i got it
i love you	no
i love you	i love you
no	no let go
no more	robbie
robbie	mr tuthill
why why	steven
steven	steven
next	oh shit
get up	step out
38	39
1	2
excuse me	ready go
sure	let s go
i m sorry	i il do it
squad halt	fall out
breathe in	hey
hey	all right
all right	all right
all right	all right
platoon	halt
ow	troubles
good luck	now
one	two three
goodbye	bye
bye	freddy
excuse me	schultz
excuse me	what
what	murdered
sieg heil	sieg heil
sieg heil	sieg heil
the fhrer	achtung
here	go go go
coming	surprise
how was it	fast
claire	hey
down	set go
sorry	yes
a toast	death
she does	yeah
no i don t	all right
no camera	no camera
yes	why
go away	go away
it s gone	come on
philippe	oh andr
i see it	don t move
oh no	oh god
go away no	no no no
no no no	no no
oh good	uncle yes
just	yes master
in love	in love
no	why not
sometimes	sometimes
no i won t	well
certainly	okay
leave now	got it
talk	no
understood	joe get in
frank	going out
yes	huh
ok	curtis
roy	it s ok
thank you	thank
mrs lung	mrs lung
mrs lung	going out
curtis	this way
thanks	roy
thank you	thank you
james	understood
slow down	what
mrs lung	is dead
do it now	move it up
feel dizzy	faint
got it	you do it
everything	is clean
joker	4212
ready	turnover
5	no 10
all set	let s move
shoot	me
do it now	move it up
got it	you do it
joker	4212
ready	turnover
5	no 10
all set	let s move
shoot	me
hello	i m sorry
a mess eh	really
yes	have fun
hey	you shit
australia	yes
is he out	no
excuse me	number 376
murder	betrayal
magdalene	magdalene
please	stay
judith	judith
look	in my eyes
i know	i know
let him go	all of you
mother	magdalene
mary	look
come in	come here
jesus	and he
murder	betrayal
please	stay
judith	judith
i know	i know
let him go	all of you
mary	look
come in	come here
jesus	and he
good	roberto
one	two three
two three	four
four	five six
yeah	good
this is it	its great
no	it depends
okay okay	yes
thank you	here
yes good	im happy
go run	sit down
no	my god
chandelier	scales
scales	cooker
brother	god
same	oh my
go now	go
yes	what
look up	look up
oh	oh god
leave	haha ha
oh tomas	tomas
tomas	tomas
tomas	tomas
tomas	oh
oh	oh
oh	oh
oh	oh
hi tomas	hi
tomas	hello jiri
see you	haha ha
may i	please
are you 18	yes
come	come in
everything	everything
it s uh	here
strong	strong
anything	wine
wine	no coffee
sit down	thank you
to leave	to leave
come on	come on
i il drive	i il drink
what is it	bad news
oh oh	god no
god no	no mm mm
no i d no	why not
john	mm
i m sorry	i m sorry
why	why
what	hello
here we go	here we go
no	no
thank you	fool
sure	ok
ok ok	see ya
see ya	bye bye
cleanse	toto
alfredo	yes
boccia	25
no	the money
alfredo	up yours
be seated	professor
she s new	not bad
love	love
at the end	of 90 days
14 13 12	11 10 9 8
come in	hi
hi	sorry
please	come on
wait	don t move
show me	look
marina	you me
ricky	here it is
help me	get up
get up	help me
stop it	aah
aah	medic
1 2 3 0	fire
excuse me	uh
about what	the room
help me	help me
you re up	oh fuck
eli	eli ee lie
who s this	sarah
sarah	sarah
oh god	sorry
better now	yeah
yeah	mmm
oh yeah	mm hmm
that a boy	that a boy
yeah	you
mr postman	mr postman
hold him	he made it
no	i m ok
demons	jake honey
more	more
more	more
come on	it s fun
please	oh no
oh no	oh divorce
where	right here
oh my god	oh my god
sam	i il help
i il help	come on
who her	no daddy
no daddy	shit
blue	sonny boy
sonny	boy
boy	dad
dad	yeah jed
wait	don t go
there	good
am i	am i home
hello	jake
jake	yeah
paul	shit
red cheek	ah shit
geary	mr geary
mr geary	excuse me
help	help
home	home
dad	hi
hi	it s us
you ok	jake
jake	it s me
what	i m alive
dream on	oh god no
oh god no	what
what	what
jacob	shh
shh	jacob
calm down	back back
back back	calm down
good	relax
relax	relax
perfect	we got it
easy	ok
go ahead	go ahead
jed	eli
gabe	hi dad
ash	ash
to bishop	alone
i can t	why not
though	i m sorry
ash	hurry
ash	ash
to bishop	alone
i can t	why not
ash	hurry
ash	ash
to bishop	alone
i can t	why not
ash	hurry
you	no
no names	no hands
is	very big
that s all	yes
yes	roxane
my friend	my friend
ligniere	cyrano
thank you	heavens
nothing	it s just
incredible	wonderful
to murder	insolence
move on	be alone
i	good
nose	my fingers
snout	damnation
whose hers	roxane s
i m going	happy
cousin	ah cyrano
come on	i must go
come on	sit down
it s me	who
pride and	doubt
yes i	too hasty
what is it	a letter
a letter	you here
de guiche	he dares
yes or no	i think so
a crucifix	the rings
the rings	what rings
really	i fell
he s here	oh my god
for war	doubtless
here it is	thank you
to roxane	who else
who else	oh yes
every day	answer me
for you	no for her
don t	i mean it
i mean it	what ugly
me	you do
you do	it s true
it s true	madly
oh him	how is he
open it	read it
it was you	i swear
i love you	live
falsehood	cowardice
cowardice	compromise
were now	elsewhere
call me	498366
498366	iris
hi	what is it
valium	ponderil
you leave	yes
why	because
listening	why
it is late	not in 1h
not in 1h	a foutu
a foutu	travelo
it charms	i dream
my dress	release me
leave me	what
what	opens what
who knows	i call you
where	here
more	go l 80 m
very well	leave
thank you	mine too
mine too	thank you
cross if	handbook
it is all	you recall
yes me	shit
extinguish	why
why	i cannot
me too	yes i saw
answer me	yes
it is him	yes
yes	sure bof
it was it	yes
we agree	yes
advisors	it is true
i was sure	and how
good	let us see
butte	back up
ronnie	ronnette
harry	dr jacoby
yeah bobby	yes sir
oh my god	i m sorry
ok	huh
hey	hey hey
george	george
ok	i will
ok	someday
go on now	jake
no no	look
all right	take him
all right	jack yeah
let go	jesus
calm down	go on
lennie	lennie
george	yeah
all right	jack yeah
cheering	slim slim
george	yeah
see you	see you
all right	she coming
no	yeah
exactly	all right
my baby	come on
thank you	thanks
come on	let me go
thanks	let me see
yes	helen
anthony	anthony
no no no	no anthony
no anthony	anthony
anthony	anne marie
now stop	stop
screams	look out
oh	oh god
let me in	he s here
helen	helen
trevor	trevor
crying	murderer
murderer	help
chuckles	so would l
so would l	here we go
dr burke	yes
murderer	murderer
murderer	murderer
murderer	help me
help me	grunting
grunting	he s here
no	help me
candyman	candyman
candyman	candyman
candyman	candyman
oh oh	yelling
yelling	grunting
knocking	dr burke
dr burke	dr burke
let s go	go go go
dial tone	go on
i saw him	crying
let me go	i cannot
helen	screaming
helen	ow
trevor	trevor
trevor	screaming
i came	for you
exactly	all right
sweets to	the sweet
bernadette	sorry
who	candyman
yes	helen
anthony	anne marie
anne marie	you did it
you did it	you did it
you did it	stay back
bernadette	go
go	helen
helen	helen
helen	get out
kiss	murderer
murderer	help
dr burke	yes
murderer	murderer
murderer	help me
let me go	i cannot
so donna	ah
bye guys	bye
groan	colonel
watch out	hah hah
here i go	wait now
no	couch
five four	three
no water	please
never mind	the what
yeah	hey manny
uh	uh
um	i
hah	manny
i found it	souvenir
yes	since when
i am love	i am love
i m robert	andy
andy	yes
yes	once
correct	no
get out	get out
uhh	help me
3 40	oh please
one soda	12 ounces
graffiti	no man
i love her	let s go
not a	you know
oh my god	oh my god
oh my god	good
fore	fore
shit	let s go
let s go	surprise
hi puppy	hi puppy
3 40	oh please
one soda	12 ounces
12 ounces	fifty sen
graffiti	no man
and you	don t
i love her	let s go
not a	you know
oh my god	oh my god
fore	fore
shit	let s go
let s go	surprise
hi puppy	hi puppy
not murder	war
new start	wife
wife	family
nun meows	nun meows
she spoke	she speaks
she speaks	she speaks
per times	night
i know	what want
love you	love you
kill you	interest
love me	love me
satigny	and it is
no	no
my god	there
oh shit	pete yeah
it s	puny
one	two
two	six
shit	yeah
whlstles	kelly hey
pollceman	pollceman
skeets	floyd
hey fish	fish fish
limestone	so
red	name s red
guys	i got one
thanks	so
hope	hope
dum ass	dumb ass
yes sir	i sure can
yes sir	absolutely
oh lord	what
stand	well
pressure	and time
dum ass	dumb ass
yes sir	i sure can
yes sir	absolutely
move on	i m done
oh lord	what
stand	well
pressure	and time
i feei	good
no	just i
i won t	now
goddamn it	goddamn it
oh boy	why not
your penis	yes
yes	and
she has it	you don t
we il see	we il see
one to ten	eight
yes i do	ms johnson
a friend	you know
yes	how
yes it is	ms alvarez
31	31 times
fine	great
good night	good night
thank you	i accept
come on	rigmor
stig	hi
who s that	who is he
try it	sing
silk	satin
satin	velvet
i believe	that
stupendous	and safe
and safe	never safe
for you	handel
it s gone	carlo
faster	hurry up
carlo	carlo
carlo	carlo
carlo	answer me
castrato	castrato
riccardo	riccardo
damn it	twenty one
max baer	and
valentine	valentine
alone	all alone
i miss you	me too
there	sad
move	move
i m spying	what
yes	then why
it s me	i will
yes what	say it
yes	come look
it s me	michel
go ahead	go on
who	it was me
seven	seven
you cried	i cried
you can	be
i was	humiliated
dominique	dominique
police	no no
no no	please
excuse me	mikolaj
where	come on
i know how	how
weil	he is
sorry	what is it
ten heads	a week
five	okay seven
okay seven	ah uh
heilo	heilo
weil	what s up
no	it s me
heilo	heilo
presents	come in
serious	serious
volvo	volvo
volvo	burgundy
thank you	thank you
thank you	let s go
mikolaj	so iong
valentine	valentine
alone	all alone
i miss you	me too
there	sad
move	move
i m spying	what
yes	then why
it s me	i will
yes what	say it
yes	come look
it s me	michel
go ahead	go on
seven	seven
you cried	i cried
you can	be
there was	who
i was	humiliated
now	come on
come in	come in
get back	get out
elizabeth	what is it
i said no	i said no
yes my son	forward
and this	is for him
otchy	tchernye
speak up	later
green	swindlers
pee pee	pee pee
my monkey	soni
first left	then right
maniacs	liars
liars	thieves
thieves	criminals
criminals	murderers
i m dying	wait
ivan	my brother
a war	is no war
natalija	darling
jovan	my son
why	you coming
you coming	no
really	yes
forget it	calm down
hey goines	yo goines
yo goines	yo jeffrey
this is it	come on
this	and this
what else	i hate
this is	gorgeous
yeah	come here
for you 50	okay
okay	okay
okay	money
i love it	it s great
he says	yes i do
wanna go	hello
do i	all right
play	the cow
thank you	thanks
what else	i hate
this is	gorgeous
yeah	come here
for you 50	okay
okay	okay
okay	money
he says	yes i do
wanna go	hello
do i	all right
play	the cow
bye	goodbye
i m ben	i m sera
tonight	put it on
order	survival
get up	good
make haste	yes sir
amn	amn
good day	good day
easy easy	let me see
easy	easy
easy	good easy
very well	beadle
at present	hester
vain and	selfish
go home	go home
halt there	yes sir
who are we	to condemn
much money	cigarette
and us	go on
go on	hello
fine	goodbye
show	two
bye	no come in
age	forty two
work	work
no	what no
why	to know
who i am	me
two eyes	two hands
asshole	what
what	asshole
there	the sea
what	it s funny
for us	our minute
go on	sir please
sir please	sir please
i	i d like
i d like	a car
smile	two
eventually	i think
hey guys	hey dad
huh	okay
what	oh come on
stop it	yeah
oh my god	oh my god
oh my god	oh my god
you	what
mr gold	yeah
uh yeah	yeah
not at all	exactly
two	back off
dad	yeah
forget it	what
we re good	really
really	yeah
yeah	oh okay
dad	yeah
yeah	call him
my history	yeah
yes sir	why
i got a	concussion
stop	papers
move	i remember
dina	go home
48	turn it up
sanya	shut up
stop	papers
this one	over here
over here	stay here
you not	ralph
release	release
won	quiet
27 60	i have
come in	come in
come in	come in
come in	come in
come in	come in
come in	come in
come in	come in
woman ohh	ohh
that s it	there
coughing	retching
a house no	cabin no
yeah	come on ok
kate alex	be careful
help	alex go
alex go	uhh aah
how s this	groans
cralg alex	alex
move move	unh
crisp	footsteps
malaise	come on
hold it	aah
man aah	man aah
william	who is he
helicopter	sirens
ring	ring
months	yes months
holloway	hol lo way
all right	one hour
779 2	462 3
462 3	clear
2 clear	4 clear
the bridge	red
the cube	is us
ellie	kent clark
doctor	yes sir
i give	vampires
hear what	harmonic
excuse me	miss
electrical	dynamics
5	4
4	3
3	2
2	1
1	mark
mr hadden	doctor
okay to go	i m okay
on my mark	10
10	9
9	8
7	6
6	5
5	4
4	3
3	2
brilliant	blue white
a subway	oh god
no	no words
no words	no words
home	but
but i did	i did go
just this	static
static	thank you
hadden	s r hadden
moment	could feel
it s ok	it s ok
it s ok	it s ok
yeah mike	captain
hey	mr eddy
exactly	i m sorry
bye dad	goodbye
you dig	you dig
you dig	yeah i dig
how bad	bad
bad	you sure
god wait	stop
stop	what
have sex	yeah
350	no bs
same time	cool
a who	a maggie
playing	playing
20 to 30	why
got it	darling
speed	sticks
sticks	marker
oh yeah	she rocks
thank you	jerome
10 9	8 7
8 7	6 5 4
6 5 4	3 2
violence	no
i do	i do too
i m joe	dirk
sorry	anyway
five grand	five grand
come on	puppies
puppies	come on
word	cut
cut	excellent
exactly	i m sorry
bye dad	goodbye
you dig	you dig
you dig	yeah i dig
how bad	bad
bad	you sure
god wait	stop
stop	what
have sex	yeah
350	no bs
same time	cool
a who	a maggie
playing	playing
20 to 30	why
got it	darling
speed	sticks
sticks	marker
oh yeah	she rocks
thank you	jerome
10 9	8 7
8 7	6 5 4
6 5 4	3 2
violence	no
i do	i do too
i m joe	dirk
sorry	anyway
five grand	five grand
come on	puppies
puppies	come on
word	cut
cut	excellent
not her	her
give us	free
all chant	look at em
fire	fire
dolly	men dolly
men dolly	chanting
screaming	push em in
push em in	screams
yes	you came
mr joadson	here
one ta	two fele
two fele	three sawa
three sawa	four nanee
four nanee	right five
right five	lorlu
not her	her
give us	free
all chant	look at em
fire	fire
hello	hello
that s lt	yes
well	we re safe
and warmer	warmer
you d lose	oh yeah
csar	what is it
of course	l didn t
i was busy	bullshit
sofia did	what
bitch	come back
why	just is
why	to
to	no reason
no reason	to
yes	of course
fine	yeah
no	no what
i m crazy	i m crazy
come on	fuck
i m sofa	sofa
fuck	shit
shit	freeze
antonio	what
well	because
laughter	soft jazz
soft jazz	chattering
mikey	stoner
all right	sighs
janey	car starts
footsteps	door opens
okay bye	bye
indistinct	tv
of course	door opens
panting	elena ben
more	more
dna	glfts
car	repairs
repairs	gin tonic
mummy	darling
pear tree	ldiot
sanne	come on
come on	there
frightened	frightened
asleep	naked
hallo ana	hallo mum
aki	i m otto
same here	but
uh huh	well
me too	sorry
joy	thanks
see you	yeah
dad	yes billy
come	you know
billy	yeah
but l have	billy
fine	good
no	good
andy	yeah
quiet	thanks
dad	yes billy
yes	nothing
it s width	why
three	wonderful
yes	wonderful
mrs jordan	mona
no tumors	nope
how s mona	she s fine
um well	oh god
oh	vlad
rhonda	yeah
okay	you sure
no	13
trish	mmmyeah
oh bill	yes
lenny	yeah
no no	yes yes
vlad	yes
here	joy
who is it	police
you bet	absolutely
absolutely	yeah
uh	alcor
not megrez	it is
it is	it s not
hmm	hmm
come on	damn it
no	beth
oh shit	oh shit
i want	want
beth hey	hey
great	are you ok
are you ok	yeah
jenny	hello
happy	well
mmm	mmm
ok	jenny
ms lerner	ahem
leo leo	jasmine
leo leo	jason
gus he s 7	brittany
ok	thankyou
in 1 0 9	8 7
8 7	6 5
6 5	4 3
4 3	2 1 0
lights on	cameras on
simon what	it s stuck
oh my eyes	ohh
beeping	3 2 1
3 2 1	now
ok i see	so
h o t c	h n e r
hello	hello
come on	go go
sarah	sarah
sarah look	leo
leo	honking
beeping	here we go
wait	i m coming
23	22
2 1	click
click	20
20	1 9
1 9	1 8
1 8	1 7
1 7	1 6
1 6	1 5
our planet	our home
joe yeah	nothing
hey	hey
estella	estella
i know	i know
hey	look at me
excuse me	joe joe
joe joe	jeez i m
i m sorry	i m sorry
estella	finn
dr weir	peter
thank god	holy crap
jack	daniel
nice	thank you
rodney	fine
whoa	let me see
bus puss	oh bus
elin	elin
105	105
105	oh my god
she will	someday
and they	yes
touch	no
no	yes you do
sponge	bummer
ready	hit it
go to 30	hit it
tom	come on
hide	from what
what	hours
yes he was	people die
sweet	juicy
and l	you cried
dinner	with who
what else	we talked
the doctor	sure
sure	the doctor
fabulous	set me up
wait	wait
fall	fall dive
plate	seth plate
you freak	you liar
maggie	yeah
no pain	no hunger
is it red	red
red	is it red
is it red	color
love	hi
sorry	it s okay
tahoe	reno
reno	tahoe
what	warmth
105	105
105	oh my god
she will	someday
and they	yes
touch	no
no	yes you do
ready	hit it
go to 30	hit it
tom	come on
hide	from what
what	hours
yes he was	people die
sweet	juicy
and i	you cried
dinner	with who
the doctor	sure
sure	the doctor
fabulous	set me up
wait	wait
fall	fall dive
plate	seth plate
you freak	you liar
maggie	yeah
no pain	no hunger
is it red	red
red	is it red
sorry	it s okay
tahoe	reno
reno	tahoe
too late	jordan
what	warmth
i m ann	collins
man chris	hm
read it	read it
oh chris	come here
paint	acrylic
albert	albert
mm mm	that
that	mm hm
respect	loyalty
loyalty	courage
no	no don t
christy	christy
no	no
and this	yeah
lauren was	screaming
and	she helped
go go go	watch out
and here	great
joke	here
who	me rafael
this way	fly s open
stop	stop it
saturday	deal
right here	good night
bet	15 000
hello	hey hey
jo	jo jo what
chattering	excuse me
hey les	hey
mike	yeah
look at me	come in
come in	no
i know	sighs
very good	good hand
okay	i call
big daddy	bets
bets	the pot
i will	and i will
this one	it s yours
like on tv	all right
i m fine	here
i said no	pity
where	in town
in town	for a walk
hello	really why
you okay	yes
well it s	it s her
when	soon
jesus	uh
huh laughs	cocksucker
um	what
coughs	fly buzzes
sheriff	yeah
knocking	sheriff
sobs	no no
no no	cries
sheriff	yeah
please	let her go
it s you	manolita
here it is	thank you
your son	why
do they no	well then
he died	i m sorry
so long	good bye
all right	i promise
the river	our street
keep it	thank you
please	let her go
it s you	manolita
here it is	thankyou
your son	why
why	afteryours
do they no	well then
he died	i m sorry
so long	good bye
all right	i promise
the river	our street
keep it	thankyou
katie	cora
let s go	come on
katie	cora
jesus	jesus
and things	things
look again	he s right
he s right	there
and	way down
oh oh god	oh god
i m going	what
that bad	oh yeah
careful	step up
step up	step up
help	help
come on	del get up
katie	cora
let s go	come on
katie	cora
jesus	jesus
of course	of course
yeah that	and things
and things	things
look again	he s right
he s right	there
and	way down
oh oh god	oh god
i m going	what
that bad	oh yeah
careful	step up
step up	step up
help	help
come here	please son
come on	del get up
brutal	brutal no
barbecue	me and you
she swears	she swears
and plus	he s huge
i see it	i see it
yes it was	damn
no no	please
hello boss	hello john
but oh god	sometimes
louis	pardon me
mem wait	please
stop	who who
998 999	1 000
1 000	finished
a woman	yes
mem	the egg
but here	look
a mother	a teacher
a teacher	a widow
a week	maybe less
anna	to dance
really	i m lying
am i right	bingo
only me	ok
dance	dance
dance	please
asami	good girl
explain	that time
may i see	thank you
thank you	surrender
lisa don t	no please
and	nuts
let go	now
jun	come on
come on	stop them
oh no	we re lost
hello	hello
thanks	excuse me
excuse me	sorry
okay	okay
okita	so be it
kano	yes
then	the gion
kano	oh that
you	what
kano here	yes
sozaburo	tell toshi
bother you	no
assistants	i do
why	why simple
my fault	inoue san
he d done	ridiculous
possible	meaning
this way	short hilt
evening	how many
it s warm	is that so
sozaburo	toshi you
no i	kano
inducement	yes
kano	kano
yes	yes
what is it	no nothing
echigoya	oh his son
hey there	yes sir
palette	no
but that s	brutal
but	but what
sozaburo	that s
paul	paul
what	what is
daniel	hey hi
okay	okay
hi daniel	hi
on my	parade
parade	yeah
yeah	stomps
yeils	sighs
joyless	joyless
get out	sobbing
yeah	it s okay
not at ail	bad night
and janie	and janie
because	the world
the world	is round
ahhh	ahh
because	the wind
the wind	is high
because	the sky
the sky	is blue
go find	find lily
no	now
now	here
we	are
sure	thanks
shit	fuck
yeah fine	yeah bye
began yeah	you got
hello	excuse me
get out	get out
sebastian	stop it
asshole	sebastian
sebastian	sebastian
for you	thanks
that s	never mind
you do yes	but
your turn	okay
okay	okay
ready	ready
score	yes
hello	anybody
i hope so	so do l
well	this sucks
excuse me	excused
meaning no	one
finished	yeah good
yeah	weak
weak	really
alison	i love you
please	you have
michael	it s jason
one truth	one
ends	you and me
manchester	be seated
score	yes
hello	anybody
here	thanks
bastards	bastards
13 5 feet	13 5 feet
i m dying	no
no	no
load	aim
aim	fire
fire	load
load	aim
aim	fire
come on	let s go
help us	somebody
somebody	marina
may i	of course
and again	yes
ready	go
impalas	very good
wanjiku	wanjiku
where	stay there
be careful	move move
go move	move
hold him	water
bastards	bastards
13 5 feet	13 5 feet
i m dying	no
no	no
go on	go go go
load	aim
fire	load
aim	fire
it s okay	come on
what	um
buddy	honey
mama	hey
i m trying	all right
like what	like
knocking	come on in
no	nothing
just two	perfect
perfect	children
oh	oh
patrick	yeah
for drinks	and jean
jean	sorbet
sorry	jean
whistles	whistles
meowing	beeping
i even um	sighs
i watch me	disappear
dean rusk	wrong
coffee	yeah
good	what
ted	kenny
kenny	okay
even you	even me
yeah	jesus
nothing	nothing
nothing	nothing
me either	why
a what	a cold
kenny no	a minute
margaret	margaret
at what	cuba
cuba	skipper
skipper	telephone
hey bruce	skipper
hello	sir
sir	commander
commander	sir
sir	ecker
yes	and
sniffing	growling
okay	uh i
uh i	well i um
coughing	hello hi
hey	hey
yo traxler	whistles
malena	right rank
no	help
olive	drusilla
susan	suzie
america	no
canish	canish no
am laid	in earth
come on	no
this is uh	how it was
for me	yes
no trouble	no trouble
dreaming	i was only
i was only	dreaming
heart	deep
fegele	daddy
yeah you	yeah some
call it	heads
heads	damn
yeah you	yeah
yes sir	san angelo
when	now
right now	yes now
what horse	american
nothing	nothing
pants	a serape
yeah you	yeah some
call it	heads
heads	damn
yeah you	yeah
yeah okay	all right
yes sir	san angelo
when	now
get up	get up
yeah	dead
dead	yeah
right now	yes now
yes ma am	we will
what horse	american
nothing	nothing
pants	a serape
okay	gasplng
let s go	move it
get up	cantwell
hell no	i was 1 5
go on	go on
ezra	ezra
miter	miter
two	three
okay one	two
two	three
no bic	fuck me
that s it	come on
good night	good night
b minus	hey gwen c
i can	i can
scared	great
yeah i am	at rehab
hey and	guess what
thanks	oh my god
come here	listen
she said	ls andrew
so did l	no
and arms	come here
oh falcon	hold me
no no	oh god
come on	this way
gwennie	i m sorry
wait	turkey
hey falcon	what
thank you	coffee
congas	big ones
let s go	c mon
sandwich	no
who	my friends
thank you	for what
robbers	sadists
really	yes
thanks	you ok
you ok	yeah so
let me see	nope
alright	be careful
be careful	later
i m lisa	i m jonco
water	soda
what	what
what	huh
that s not	what
what	you really
bull shit	i do
i do	you don t
you don t	i do
yeah	amazing
see that	amazing
serious	seriously
how much	5000
lf	you
you	speak
speak	one
one	more
more	time
time	we
we	won t
won t	see
see	each
each	other
other	ever
ever	again
tun say it	tun
daddy	daddy
yes	good lord
yeah	okay
jab jab	jab right
oh sure	in panama
yeah	oh here
and	and what
know what	about this
man	i m sorry
i il try	box
one two	three four
three four	five six
give me	box
go get it	i will
deal	deal
jim	three
unhook me	good to go
gotcha	woody
woody	woody
woody	woody
no	no terri
no no	no
no	no
god	ohh ohh
ohh ohh	oh no no
good work	jesus
peppers	mike
i m dean	hi
me yeah	when
when	every day
i il spy	coffee
coffee	fries
hi	hi
ha	a farmboy
huh	yeah
okay okay	have fun
have fun	yeah
really	yeah
um	evan
okay	well
what	no
i m sorry	i can t
clark	go
evan	evan
clark	clark
really	yeah
a knife	let him go
lift	lift what
what	clark
that s it	so
i think so	i was just
of course	excuse me
then	then
shh shh	screaminq
screaminq	ow gasps
ow gasps	screams
gruntinq	no
no	screaminq
sobbinq	oh no
oh no	no no no
okay	but just
continues	clanqinq
thanks	diane
man baby	blues
uh	betty
voila	betty elms
chuckles	betty
before i	i kill you
why i	love you
why i	love you
love you	ends
diane	number 1 7
what	the wiq
silencio	silencio
silencio	silencio
silencio	silencio
this is it	yeah
camilla	camilla
candace	i m catch
i m catch	charlie
your idea	both of us
she s	tough
tough	she pretty
what	nothing
nothing	let s go
okay	bye
before	he left
help me	help me
help me	please
don t	come on
come on	lights out
no	come on
fuck	it works
mark	regina
reggie	paul
paul dad	shut up
let me go	stop
it s okay	it s okay
the kids	what kids
they	they who
what	last night
last night	right here
the larvae	the what
the what	the larvae
mom	it s okay
hello	hello
with paul	reggie
pure	and alive
why	why
i love you	so much
mom	where
mom	mom
charles	grace
children	nicholas
nicholas	anne
mommy	mommy
nicholas	what look
what is it	what is it
well	well what
what boy	victor
nicholas	huh what
huh what	look
ma am	yes
mrs mills	yes ma am
mummy	what
mrs mills	mrs mills
charles	grace
ma am	mrs mills
you have	yes
they knew	anne
yes it is	it is true
tell me	tell me
let s go	wait
children	nicholas
run	run
mummy	mummy
but now	now
sure	granada
and now	get out
too bad	please
her	brown dog
boy	fenton
hello	hello
come on	let s go
but dad go	no
fenton	fenton
you ready	here
adam	adam adam
fenton	fenton
easy boy	easy easy
dad	i saw god
fuck you	you fuck
sheriff	yeah
fenton	yes sir
no	why
draw	yeah okay
come on	come on
hello	hank
my bad	i hank
friends	musgrove
this is it	i guess so
look	look
we know	indeed
what	fled
no never	never
out	all of you
believe me	nothing
who	who
come	seize her
good luck	move out
so	what news
sia	why sia
of snakes	keletigui
oh no yes	he lives
me no	no
life guard	really
and one	and two
calm down	13
13	14 15
stay calm	shit
leon	leon
and and	honest
but it is	love
yes i do	very much
very much	so
in a motel	woman oh
oh fuck	hey wait
yes	sometimes
nik pete	g day nik
no sorry	how is she
how is he	not good
yeah	i m
sam	sam sam
bye	i love you
all right	paula hey
very much	somers so
get off me	god
pete	it s me
all right	tell her
loyalty	love
what is it	what is it
valerie	i m nik
us	anymore
bye	i love you
good luck	it s time
this is it	this is it
this is it	this is it
let me see	ok
ok yeah i	oopsie
he is	are you no
si	silen
differ	different
different	oh yeah ok
4 5 6	7 8 9
dorothy	oh no no
hi guys	hi sam
bye bye	ten bucks
hey wow	hi
ooooh	im out
i do not	i dont
so	hot
giants	giants
bye mom	bye
hey	i know
i know	hey
hey	yeah
ron	im out
aw jeez	aww man
hi	hi
hi guys	hey blair
hey blair	hi katlin
so are you	freak
hit	too many
katlin	yeah
hi	hi
hey	sorry
yeah well	i know
katlin	hey janice
kate	shit
shit	kate
seventeen	dealer has
im sorry	mm hmm
katlin	blair
oh no	oh
puilback	puilback
hmm	it s time
it s time	russian
gunshot	cocks gun
sniffles	thankyou
yes yes	do you see
well done	sacha
no	i saw you
yes yes	do you see
well done	sacha
vassili	vassili
no	i saw you
yes yes	do you see
well done	sacha
no	i saw you
hello	lewis
lewis	no
candy cane	candy cane
no wait	like that
andy ca	candy cane
go yeah	whoa
goddamnit	gentlemen
what	hey
hey	hey
off	you know
you know	great
just kinda	out there
venna	holdon
hello	hello
hey	pull
hello	lewis
lewis	no
candy cane	candy cane
no wait	like that
hey hey	hey hey
go yeah	whoa
goddamn it	gentlemen
what	hey
hey	hey
off	you know
you know	great
just kinda	out there
this is it	shh
run	run
turn left	keep going
keep going	whoa whoa
go run	turn quick
god damn	god damn
venna	hold on
hello	hello
hello	come on
oh	oh
hello	lewis
lewis	no
candy cane	candy cane
no wait	like that
hey hey	hey hey
go yeah	whoa
goddamn it	gentlemen
what	hey
hey	hey
off	you know
you know	great
just kinda	out there
this is it	shh
run	run
turn left	keep going
keep going	whoa whoa
go run	turn quick
god damn	god damn
venna	hold on
hello	hello
hello	come on
oh	oh
strike	he s out
strike	strike
strike	strike
keep going	safe
what	bullets
strike	strike out
strike	strike out
what	i m out
good job	strike one
strike one	two
i must	tell jesus
jesus	can help
me	jesus
jesus	alone
thank you	wait
let me run	to the sun
far away	stars away
what	oh
holl	holl oh
laughing	ok
inside me	with you
ah smile	hang on
hang on	holly
hello	oh hi
is it	yeah
thanks	er my bag
tourist	later
marina	what
nat groans	hey
not stuart	no i was
sobs	shh
hello	what
ex girls	ex women
ex women	doorbell
you too	s so
which one	emma
merde	shh
far away	stars away
thanks mom	is don t
hello	hi
no	yes
yes ma am	pretty
all right	there
there	ted
hello	hello
good	good
quoyle	quoyle
let s go	wake up go
huh	it s 8 05
oh	i love you
my friend	oh shit
beautiful	oh shit
ow jesus	goddamn it
daddy	daddy
mommy	mommy
daddy	what
come in	name
name	uh quoyle
gammy bird	uh huh
yeah yeah	yeah
yeah	yes boy
a ghost	the window
okay shh	okay
okay	okay shh
hello	hi
hi	hi
bye herry	bye
hey bunny	shh
okay	thanks
not really	no oh my
card	hold on
oh no jack	nah
you follow	tert
tert	jack
yes or no	yes
okay	good
no	no no no
no no no	please no
please no	no please
hey	hey
everyone	to nutbeem
to nutbeem	to nutbeem
to brazil	brazil
brazil	brazil
brazil	brazil
it s gone	what
thank you	mom
mom	what
what	good
right jack	yes boy
oh jack	no no
look at me	we must go
we must go	go
look at me	we must go
we must go	go
boy whoo	yo baby
carlos	hi carlos
hi carlos	what s up
coughs	oh
oh	who am i
who am i	today
today	in the air
laughter	damn
what	nothing
what	what what
shouting	whoo yes
muttering	maddy hi
whoo hey	both laugh
nlcole ow	ow i hurt
maddy whoo	whoo whoo
whoo whoo	aw ow
oh man	woman whoo
oh yeah	gracias
i m sorry	i just
in what	a plane
nlcole hey	carlos hey
too bad	what
both laugh	hold on
here we go	nlcole aah
then crawl	as a child
both laugh	thank you
carlos no	mm mmm
yeah	both laugh
it il last	laughing
laughs	boy homeys
boy homeys	laughter
shit	what
what	nlcole hey
nlcole hey	oh hey
nicole luz	hi hey
what	ok hold on
it s just	sighs
sighs	what
what	what
what	i just
mm hmm	uh well
maria	tom maria
tom maria	sighs
sighs	marla yes
mr oakley	sighs
hey	ha ha hey
siren	shit
shit	siren
come on in	buzz
oh	oh
it s gone	aah
door opens	carlos hey
hello	sighs
tom hmm	sighs
thank you	for what
for me	ooh
ooh	for me
humming	classical
stuyvesant	stuyvesant
oh	oh oh
a toast	honey
it s empty	empty
laughs	camera
sobbing	get out
screams	no aah
no aah	aah
gunshots	don t move
screaming	screaming
are an	anicteric
scotty	scotty
i m proud	sniffles
face down	aii right
look	watch it
goddamn it	you okay
take it	i m sorry
taxi	i m booked
airport	you got it
robert	rath
so	now what
a silenced	ruger 22
let s sit	okay
drive	drive
drive	drive
right	lonely
excuse me	it s okay
it s you	it s you
it s you	disk
surprise	the disk
disk	get out
was	retired
thanks	for what
drive	drive fast
come here	good girl
3 miilion	four
careful	go iight
oh my god	he s here
may i	sure
history	nicolai
you are	pathetic
here he is	here he is
here he is	thank you
we re in	you there
jasmine	howdy
help me up	wiii you
no more	i m gone
i m gone	i quit
try again	keep at it
instantly	then
who	someone
and fills	your eyes
impossible	arya
ieave	come
promise me	i promise
no	no
here too	sorry
and let go	you see
teacher	what
yes mama	goodbye
wait	why
why	why
and then	pianissimo
erika	please
incredible	erika
just there	go on in
who is it	open up
no	what then
yes or no	yes
yes	am i right
am i right	yes walter
erika	yes
no	no
and let go	you see
teacher	what
yes mama	goodbye
wait	why
why	why
and then	pianissimo
perhaps	erika
erika	please
incredible	erika
just there	go on in
who is it	open up
no	what then
yes or no	yes
yes	am i right
am i right	yes walter
erika	yes
two three	four five
dusty	thankyou
excellent	yanker
good sir	good boys
yeah	bastard
um	all right
all right	what
heave	heave
heave	heave
no	no no
no no	no
no	no dusty
dusty	dusty
bastard	bastard
continue	discordant
meat meat	lowing
groaning	panting
japanese	mumbles
cor	shudders
ito	footsteps
japanese	dusty
no	no dusty
my boy	crying
shuddering	i m sorry
hmm	aye
spitting	fuck
bastard	bastard
ends	ends
to die	for love
ow oh my	excuse me
girl s	best
best	friend
diamonds	hah hah
hah hah	diamonds
best	gasping
laughing	oh
mmm woof	oh well
moaning	oh oh my g
oh oh my g	satine
years	screaming
screaming	ends
i	follow
follow	the night
fly	fly
no i won t	and i
from dream	to dream
virgin	virgin
ohh ohhh	whimpers
day	ends
ends	ends
come	what may
sighs	oh and
come what	may
no	no
no	oh i see
cry	feelings
cry	screams
screams	roxanne
roxanne	feelings
feelings	i can t
i can t	hide
hide	screaming
sighing	sniffs
to	believe
a fool	to
to	believe
today	yes it all
yes it all	ends
today s	the day
must go	on
satine	satine
satine	grunting
one	last
last	time
time	time
kiss	hand
hand	diamonds
kiss	grand
grand	diamonds
men	cold
cold	girls old
girl s	best
best	friend
christian	no aah
coughs	panting
feel	like this
the sky	before
inside	your kiss
of	time
come what	may
sobbing no	yes
there was	a boy
enchanted	boy
boy	typing
the	end
hi hi	here meire
calm down	calm down
a pimp	answer me
papa	mama
bite	ready
ready	1oo1 1oo2
1oo1 1oo2	1oo3
bite	ready
ready	1oo1 1oo2
1oo1 1oo2	1oo3
get me out	get me out
get me out	get me out
stay alone	be alone
i think so	yes or no
calm down	hold him
here	i got here
come back	why
why	why why
why why	why nurse
dansaeng	dansaeng
stop	stop it
good	get up
get up	but
dansaeng	yes
go hurry	be careful
i saw her	who
the name	pacu
pacu	pacu
tonio	come back
candy	treats
you first	why me
yeah	me too
adele	got it
thanks	you too
dad i	what
nifty huh	yeah
did you	did you
thank you	i like it
we can t	come here
they kick	they grow
hm	well
dad what	dad 0h
hey	hey
and you	yeah you
thank you	donnie
hey	i got in
28 days	six hours
six hours	42 minutes
42 minutes	12 seconds
will end	why
funny how	time
time	flies
dad what	dad
hey	hey
sam bylen	ahem
smurfette	mm hmm
yes	well he s
hey	i got in
gretchen	gretchen
28 days	six hours
six hours	42 minutes
42 minutes	12 seconds
mad world	hey
really	yes
sleepy	happy
happy	doc
doc	dopey
sorry	it s okay
party	what party
what party	the party
really	yes
sleepy	happy
happy	doc
doc	dopey
sorry	it s okay
party	what party
what party	the party
don t come	teodoresco
one	two
two	three
come on	quick
tenoch	my mother
yes	hello
hello	honey jano
who is it	i m luisa
one two	for three
for three	condoms
like	well
hi guys	i m coming
heck	he was 17
shampoo	please
jerk off	jerk off
oh honey	honey
i made ana	what
look at me	look at me
thirteen	ah b 13 b
now	later then
yes	tell me
now	yes
i m dying	i m dying
carlos	i m luca
why secret	well
of course	to me
a raft	bigger
yes	it s elena
that s lt	cry
cry	cry
stuffy	stale air
stale air	exhausted
i promise	i il try
i il try	good bye
the police	we il
what for	to eat
to eat	so early
no	mommy
hold on	watch out
we	remember
i m not	you re not
deliver us	finish it
trust me	it s funny
my curse	who am i
no	mommy
hold on	watch out
we	remember
i m not	you re not
deliver us	finish it
trust me	it s funny
my curse	who am i
to begin	my career
hello i	wait i
yes	lee
lee	holloway
wall	i know
okay	up
up	and wide
submissive	excuse me
excuse me	edward
hello	hello
hello	hello dad
how s work	fine
to babies	diapers
brr ing	oh brr rr
lee	mr grey
mr grey	come here
no sir	good
yes lee	hi
no sir	file these
i m sorry	okay
what	no sir
get out	get out
to begin	my career
hello i	wait i
yes	lee
lee	holloway
wall	i know
we	secretary
okay	up
up	and wide
submissive	excuse me
excuse me	edward
hello	hello
hello	hello dad
how s work	fine
to babies	diapers
brr ing	oh brr rr
lee	mr grey
mr grey	come here
no sir	good
yes lee	hi
no sir	file these
i m sorry	okay
what	no sir
to begin	to begin
okay sorry	you got me
oh john	damn it
einstein	or jesus
united	to miami
hello hi	it s john
john	john
john	johnny
i mean	it s my
goddamn	hey fuck
thank you	for what
kind of	not really
bait	oh yeah
no	oh no hon
mom	mom
dialing	ringing
whoo	beeping
pen	pen
pen	penny
oh sick	what ohh
ohh	oh sick
oh sick	ohh
ohh god	jump
step one	step two
guys	busted
so	i swear
bye bye	bye
in love	again
sighs	loud roar
to do what	i mean
chattering	panting
paddle	ah
ah	go
rap beat	work out
i would	i would
i would	i would
pen	pen
pen	penny
oh sick	what ohh
ohh	oh sick
oh sick	ohh
step one	step two
guys	busted
whoo	whoo
so	i swear
bye bye	bye
oh yeah	ow baby go
to do what	i mean
paddle	ah
ah	go
hey yeah	whoo
a camera	camera
yes	what is it
who s that	a friend
who s this	it s you
help me	help me
help me	ling
ling	help me
mom	help me
mom	help me
get out	get out
ok	excuse me
excuse me	excuse me
everything	im sorry
qie	im sorry
miss miss	what
no no no	aiya
wei	say sorry
everything	but sofa
but sofa	desk
be away	give away
try try	try
ok go on	well done
wei	wei
no	not me
this is	it s
paikea	paikea
porourangi	porourangi
paka	i m back
then leave	go on
hah	hah
say it	i m sorry
no	no
e pana e	e pana e
this year	yes three
yes three	oh shit
tom	thomas
yes	i m sorry
i know	i will
sighs	i don t
y i frank	hmm
ah go on	for daddy
for daddy	attagirl
mira mir	mir
sobbing	gasps
certainly	bye now
oh look	how lovely
mwah i do	latin jazz
frank	what is it
what is it	gasps
gasps	cathy sobs
i	i do
after	well
sniffles	y i rings
579 what	3000
i agree	but don t
neighbor	help
what is it	it s bad
get back	shit
get up	come on
go	go
mouthwash	saccharin
come here	come here
three wait	okay
maybe	maybe
dad	no no
lie down	all right
coma	die
all right	ma am
let her go	okay
it s okay	let s go
579 what	3000
i agree	but don t
neighbor	help
what is it	it s bad
get back	shit
get up	come on
go	go
mouthwash	saccharin
come here	come here
three wait	okay
maybe	maybe
dad	no no
lie down	all right
thanks	burnham
all right	ma am
let her go	okay
it s okay	let s go
hi	hi
really	yeah
help me	help me
hello	hello
hello	hello
hello	hello
hello	lena yeah
ma	miles
miles	jesse
jesse	oh
ten years	laughs
winifred	yes mother
this man	laughing
laughing	jesse
i won t go	winifred
winifred	i won t go
ah	exhales
wait no	no
no	what
panting	come back
panting	miles
sighs	oh
him	it s him
it s him	robert
scoffs	man hello
fluently	laughs
good	hey
hey	listen
what	someday
someday	no now
here	come on
yes	104
gasping	come on
come on	i can t
i can t	why
hmm	hmm
i think so	whoo
whoo	you did it
you did it	i did it
whoo	laughing
chuckles	peculiar
pa	come on
jesse no	fires
fires	grunts
grunts	jesse
jesse	groans
all right	help
help	pl please
i il shoot	yelps
grunts	grunting
crying	oh
bye	hey jake
i m sorry	the camera
sure sy	thank you
thanks sy	bye
bye	bye
let me see	oh yeah
hey	told you
sy	sy
yeah	oh jake
okay	i love you
good night	good night
yeah	sy parrish
ooh	jake hi
yeah	yeah well
i was here	i existed
hey chaz	first down
hey jake	hi
i will	no thanks
no thanks	okay
hi sy	hi there
oh my god	what
i m sorry	the camera
yep	really
really	really
really	wow
aah	ah
thank you	hello
we re 511	511
511	oh my gosh
mrs yorkin	yes duane
yes	good
no	aah
mr belmer	yes
sure sy	thank you
liam	sure
liam	look at me
turn round	turn round
liam liam	liam
liam	liam sh
dad what	nothing
fee fie	foe fum
fee fie	foe fum
what	hello
in	solarls
no	why
katarn	he um
you start	i did
i did	really
i m awake	yes
who was it	my wife
rheya	it s me
i m fine	stay here
oh my god	oh no
into space	oh my god
nod	stand
cut it out	seriously
wait	wait
okay	great cool
no	shit
hi heilo	come in
mom	mom
cut it out	seriously
wait	wait
okay	great cool
no	shit
hi hello	come in
mom	mom
i love you	look
me	yes
suzie	suzie
ned	yeah
okay	one unit
marcus	marcus hi
wow	that s
ali	marcus
marcus	marcus
marcus	ali
yeah	no
don t know	why
is it cold	yeah
more	yes please
hi it s me	listen
i m sorry	and i hope
senorita	mexico
mexico	why not
vodka	ls it cold
more	yes please
c	c
connie	hi tracy
s	mexico
more	yes please
oh my god	connie
connie	hi tracy
chief	chief
hey	hey spies
help me	please
all of you	heroes
captain	captain
it was	what
hello	hi mom
no i won t	bye mom
harvey	shit
hey	hey
ms keller	rachel
what	nothing
goddamn it	honey
no	damn
all right	bye
becca	becca
really	whatever
thanks	sure
daddy	be quiet
be quiet	daddy what
i just	come in
who	me
daddy	children
jesus	my god
hopeless	so anyway
no	i mean yes
i love you	but
hi	hi baby
do stop it	cecilie
hi	hi finn
nonsense	a ghost
diana	desmond
charlie	daddy
lederhosen	sausages
thank you	for what
here	for you
for you	thank you
thank you	good luck
good luck	thank you
when is it	don t know
here	thank you
boss	again
again	boss
boss	boss boss
hey	honey
i cursed	i heard
this one	a hair
a hair	this one
i did	and
book money	sure
sure	thanks
hello	man father
man father	hello
hello	hello
oh ah	oh
what s two	they win
dad	yes
no	why not
eat	i hate you
let s go	come on
merrill	got it
hold him	i got him
i got him	hold him
hold him	i got him
i got him	hold him
it il pass	it il pass
i hate you	i hate you
hi sweetie	hi baby
i m here	tell him
tell him	see
merrill	swing away
hey	honey
i cursed	i heard
this one	a hair
a hair	this one
i did	and
book money	sure
sure	thanks
hello	father
father	hello
hello	hello
oh ah	oh
what s two	they win
dad	yes
no	why not
eat	i hate you
let s go	come on
merrill	got it
got it	dad
hold him	i got him
i got him	hold him
hold him	i got him
i got him	hold him
it il pass	it il pass
i hate you	i hate you
hi sweetie	hi baby
i m here	tell him
tell him	see
merrill	swing away
hey	honey
sizzling	sizzling
barks	growling
growling	houdini
barks	gasps
gasps	snarling
i cursed	i heard
i heard	rustling
this one	a hair
a hair	this one
i did	and
book money	sure
sure	thanks
stop	warbling
static	sighs
trilling	gasps
trills	gasps
hello	father
father	hello
hello	hello
grunts	scrapes
scrapes	oh ah
oh ah	oh
what s two	they win
dad	yes
no	why not
eat	i hate you
understood	bo cries
growling	whimpering
chuckles	clattering
let s go	come on
trilling	merrill
merrill	got it
got it	dad
hold him	i got him
i got him	hold him
hold him	i got him
i got him	hold him
it il pass	it il pass
i hate you	i hate you
i hate you	panting
clicks	clicks
clicks	clicks
clicks	static
static	sighs
me too	clanging
hi sweetie	hi baby
i m here	tell him
tell him	see
hisses	trilling
merrill	swing away
groans	growls
trills	sizzling
growls	trilling
trilling	growls
growls	hisses
wheezing	silence
hey	honey
sizzling	sizzling
barks	growling
growling	houdini
barks	gasps
gasps	snarling
i cursed	i heard
i heard	rustling
this one	a hair
a hair	this one
i did	ad
sure	thanks
stop	warbling
static	sighs
trilling	gasps
trills	gasps
hello	hello
grunts	scrapes
scrapes	oh ah
oh ah	oh
what s two	they win
y i dad	yes
y i no	why not
eat	i hate you
understood	bo cries
growling	whimpering
chuckles	clattering
let s go	come on
trilling	merrill
merrill	got it
it il pass	it il pass
i hate you	i hate you
clicks	clicks
clicks	clicks
clicks	static
static	sighs
me too	clanging
i m here	tell him
tell him	seen
hisses	trilling
merrill	swing away
groans	growls
trills	sizzling
growls	trilling
trilling	growls
growls	hisses
wheezing	silence
hey	honey
1 alright	2 3
i cursed	i heard
this one	a hair
a hair	this one
i did	and
book money	sur e
sur e	thanks
hello	father
father	hello
hello	hello
oh ah	oh
what s two	they win
dad	yes
no	why not
eat	i hate you
let s go	come on
merrill	got it
got it	dad
what	hold him
hold him	i got him
i got him	hold him
hold him	i got him
i got him	hold him
it il pass	it il pass
i hate you	i hate you
hi sweetie	hi baby
i m her e	tell him
tell him	see
merrill	swing away
two heads	yeah two
yeah two	and
daddy	what
ryu	ryu
mister	yoosun
yeah	how soon
oh my god	mitch
yeah	today
joe joe	joe joe
mommy	daddy no
okay toots	let s talk
armed	dangerous
yeah	how soon
oh my god	mitch
joe joe	joe joe
mommy	daddy no
okay toots	let s talk
how	i attack
armed	dangerous
stop	stop
johannes	am i dead
yes	i am
thanks	come on
okay	okay
what	this
yeah	okay
everyone	gentlemen
daniel	daniel
so smitty	so smitty
angel	precious
okay	hey
take it	take it
what	come here
fuck	stop
they quit	quit yeah
listen	i hear you
kids	but
she s so	young so
i did	absolutely
thank you	allow me
ascen	senora
good night	good night
a bit more	fine
do lift up	lift up
drink up	thanks
sorry	thank you
look	stop it
mr blazek	mr blazek
blue	ok go on
hi	thanks
sad	yeah
thank you	all right
no	you ok
you ok	yeah yeah
that it	yeah
please	why not
hi come in	sure yes
yes	okay
christian	my clothes
my clothes	my clothes
get lost	bastard
bye mascha	bye love
dring	hello
here he is	at last
and then	if i could
codswallop	bye
bye	bye
uwe	uwe
hey chris	chris
franchise	yeah
caii me	okay
what s up	chiii out
a rapper	yeah
phone him	no
no	i can t
yeah	you do
you do	mc bob
what floor	28
okay	okay go
i feii	you feil
you feil	i feil
for real	yeah
choose	head
choose	you first
9 12 okay	okay
men	go
where	right here
isn t here	isn t here
isn t here	we got it
christ	show me
no no one	nothing
yes	why
i was born	in a trunk
i was born	in a trunk
in a trunk	in the
hello	matthew
so sullen	brutal
hello	hello
matthew	yes
well	now
matthew	yes
okay	matthew
matthew	my love
hi	okay fine
good yeah	again no
theo theo	theo
theo	theo
why	because
boys boys	orthree
theo	theo
go	go on
i was born	in a trunk
i was born	in a trunk
in a trunk	in the
hello	matthew
so sullen	brutal
hello	hello
matthew	yes
well	now
matthew	matthew
matthew	yes
okay	matthew
matthew	my love
hi	okay fine
good yeah	again no
theo theo	theo
theo	theo
why	because
boys boys	orthree
theo	theo
go	go on
fine	me too
i paid you	come
hi madam	come along
tell me	no nothing
there	sorry
cigarette	thanks
nick	vicky
vicky	vicky
hey serge	ah
ah	serge
serge	serge
serge	damn
serge	serge
derotate	lnward
i know	dr keyes
but now	but now
why	why
why	this here
would you	mm hmm
voila	that s
terranauts	hello
here	thank you
18 000	18 500
do it and	do it now
okay	got it
zimsky	yeah
joshua	okay guys
bob	huh
okay okay	beck beck
thank you	i m sorry
serge	serge
dr keyes	right here
1 10	130 1 40
go rat	hey um
primed for	primed for
right	yeah
oh	what
no may l	may l
may l	yes
yes	thank you
thank you	magic
beck	josh
braz	edward
edward	yes conrad
clear and	ejecting
timer on	clear
clear	ejecting
pull it	all right
push	guys
guys	clear
go	i can t
i can t	okay
zimsky	no
i got to	beck
oh my god	please
beck	beck beck
josh	yeah
joshua	okay guys
bob	huh
okay okay	beck beck
thank you	i m sorry
dr keyes	right here
1 10	130 1 40
go rat	hey um
primed for	primed for
right	yeah
oh	what
no may l	may l
may l	yes
yes	thank you
thank you	magic
beck	josh
braz	edward
edward	yes conrad
clear and	ejecting
timer on	clear
clear	ejecting
pull it	all right
push	guys
guys	clear
go	i can t
i can t	okay
zimsky	no
i got to	beck
oh my god	please
beck	beck beck
josh	yeah
mose	hey
i m out	me too
pull it	button
button	button
mose	ow
ow	mose
mose	mose
easy easy	good
which one	him
hyah hah	hah
charley	charley
i saw	thank you
oh sorry	i m sorry
yeah	yeah
ralph	ray cory
ray cory	whiskey
no	looky here
yes boss	okay
okay	boss
boss	yeah
yeah	mose
oh	you did
morning	morning
nope	yes sir
boss percy	up here
sobered up	ooh
you hit	i m good
three	sue
sue	sue stop
yeah	you ready
you ready	yeah
charley	yes
charley	sue
mose	hey
i m out	me too
pull it	button
button	button
mose	ow
ow	mose
mose	mose
easy easy	good
which one	him
hyah hah	hah
charley	charley
i saw	thank you
yeah	yeah
shit damn	screw
not yet	will
dad	ii
ii	ii
tonight	why
stop it	don stop
bob hope	bigger
yet he did	twice
mom	josephine
the river	the river
like this	okay okay
shit damn	screw
tonight	why
stop it	don stop
bob hope	bigger
yet he did	twice
mom	josephine
like this	okay okay
and i mean	everyone
i fell	again yeah
excuse me	no i m off
hello	hello
here	i got it
and more	intensity
yes please	lick them
good	moore
and yoga	and karate
yes	ok
not yet	and you
and you	no not yet
hold on	hold on
obviously	okay
hello	bonjour
all right	thank you
that i am	present
hello	m harris
hello	bob
ok goodbye	goodbye
to us	us
gasps	get away
run	come on
llsa allie	charlle go
charlle go	llsa allie
llsa allie	allie
allie	allie
allie	allie
moans	lisa
lisa lisa	n n n nina
nlna lisa	lisa
thank you	lisa
uh general	general
okay	okay
lisa lisa	charlie
north	north
crying	williams
hey	okay
no no no	hit me
ohh	oww
oh oh fuck	yeah
mmm	wow
please	emergency
one	dos tres
oh	um okay
okay	okay
hey	hey boys
tracy	tracy
just	damn
what	okay um
yeah	no
sewing kit	sighs
fuck her	fuck her
yeah	it s okay
hell no	laughs
continues	giggles
wanna bone	nice
want some	gags easy
evie	evie
baby	mel
i can t	i can t
kisses	snorting
tracy uh	look baby
wha	mason wait
hey	nice car
nice car	sighs
okay	um
groans	here
hey evie	brooke
no no	no god
stop	stop
stop	mom
mom	sniffles
no no no	hit me
ohh	oww
oh oh fuck	yeah
mmm	wow
please	emergency
one	dos tres
oh	um okay
okay	okay
hey	hey boys
tracy	tracy
just	damn
what	okay um
yeah	no
sewing kit	sighs
fuck her	fuck her
yeah	it s okay
hell no	laughs
continues	giggles
wanna bone	nice
want some	gags easy
evie	evie
baby	mel
i can t	i can t
kisses	snorting
tracy uh	look baby
wha	mason wait
hey	nice car
nice car	sighs
okay	um
groans	here
hey evie	brooke
no no	no god
stop	stop
stop	mom
mom	sniffles
two	six hours
six hours	eight
gonna die	gonna die
one	two
easy now	that s it
oh too bad	may i
doctor	doctor
one	two
two	three
three	four
four	five
five	six
six	seven
right	good
come on	stop
doctor	let him go
zico	hi franci
stop stop	go on son
ezequiel	come here
yes father	yes it is
hallelujah	hallelujah
yes	great
his face	you too
i m wiped	very funny
hey yes	oh god
a little	honey stop
oh my god	it s ok
i got you	ok
how s that	good
hello	yes
inman	inman
inman	wp inman
welcome	esco
ada	ada
thank you	and this
no	i like it
look at me	look at me
ada	ada
uh	uh
number 15	16
slut	home guard
bayonets	come on
mama	no
no	mama mama
sally	no
no	no
and milk	and cheese
ada	ada
help here	help damn
help damn	listen up
nobody is	oh
sure	sure
ada	ada monroe
inman	inman
i	came back
amen amen	amen amen
amen amen	amen
inman	inman
inman	wp inman
welcome	esco
ada	ada
thank you	and this
no	i like it
look at me	look at me
ada	ada
number 15	16
slut	home guard
beav	shit
okay owen	okay
jonesy	he hung up
good doggy	good girl
wait	wait
hello	ister gay
ister gay	go away
beav	beaver
okay owen	okay
jonesy	he hung up
good doggy	good girl
wait	wait
hello	ister gay
ister gay	go away
o what	my house
right	i m julie
gasps	gags
groans	grunting
sarah what	thank you
come on	i m coming
i m coming	get in
pardon me	is he home
is he home	no
is dead	what
roxy	rox
rox	hello
me too	good good
excuse me	hey
hey	hey
hi natalie	hey bernie
oh god	you know
you ve	thank you
what	your leg
laughing	be there
laughing	laughing
i love you	no
screaming	sobbing
what	oh shit
deep sigh	yeah yeah
dot	darling
no	no
no	get up
get up	get up
get up	get up
mama	mama dot
mama	mama
shut up	why
dad	junior
junior	no matt
no matt	matt
what is it	sighs
is this it	oh yeah
here	yeah
three	four five
aaron whoa	mom junior
dad	junior
junior	no matt
no matt	matt
what is it	sighs
door opens	he s gone
is this it	oh yeah
here	yeah
three	four five
aaron whoa	mom junior
liar	shut up
how much	ten cents
wet nurses	right here
good run	terrific
how	i can t
i pick one	a good one
kowalsky	polish and
oh	ok
3x7	21
4x7 28	5x7
35 6x7	42
7x7	49
one	animals
later when	soon
mother	mother
mother	mother
mother	mother
ok	good night
hallo	julien
you agree	you agreed
my future	my past
christelle	my child
i will	i will
i will	and you
will you	marry
marry	christelle
christelle	yes i will
hey	nothing
this	this this
this this	this this
this this	this this
b	b
kowalsky	polish and
and here	and here
oh	ok
1x7	2x7
2x7	3x7
3x7	21
21	4x7 28
4x7 28	5x7
5x7	35 6x7
35 6x7	42
42	7x7
7x7	49
one	animals
later when	soon
mother	mother
mother	mother
mother	mother
mother	mother
mother	mother
mother	mother
her sister	i want
ok	good night
julien	julien
2m 1	2m 1
love me	i can
hallo	julien
you agree	you agreed
my future	my past
christelle	my child
i will	i will
i will	and you
will you	marry
marry	christelle
christelle	yes i will
coming	sophie
hey	nothing
this	this this
this this	this this
this this	this this
sophie	are you ok
dare you	julien
b	b
whoa	whoa
you win	ow
whoa	we got him
ol	ol
no really	i m fine
two two	here
thank you	time s up
damn girl	yeah
whoo	oooh
oooh	hey
you okay	quit it
go	get
hey	you came
jadakiss	sheek
sheek	whoo
cut	cut
fix it	okay
okay okay	come on
what	why not
uh	bye
okay	okay
good	nice
hey chica	gina
two two	here
you il see	thank you
thank you	time s up
damn girl	yeah
whoo	oooh
huh huh	go benny
you okay	quit it
hey	you came
fix it	okay
okay okay	come on
what	why not
uh	bye
okay	okay
good	nice
hey	gina
hi	hi hi
alex aimee	aimee yeah
hello	hi it s me
may i	please do
no no	no no
oh fuck	okay okay
i m here	fuck fuck
hey babe	oh jesus
hey	tracy
here	go home
shit ow	oh no
oh no	okay okay
kanichiro	no
so	i m going
i m going	kanichiro
mitsu	papa
papa	mitsu
charge	fire
uh	no
yoshimura	yoshimura
yoshimura	yoshimura
i agree	calm down
i beg you	yoshimura
eat	eat
chiaki	chiaki
kaichiro	don t die
brother	brother
brother	mitsu
yes master	stand up
stop it	stop it
young fool	young fool
hi	hey
hike	hike
i see	good
fin	fin
fin	yeah
yeah	cool
oh my god	oh my god
yes	i m fine
yes	i m sorry
hey	yoo hoo
ow	oh oh
oh oh	god oh
oh my god	oh oh oh
here stay	i saw you
oh	oh god
oh my god	oh
thanks	whoa
okay	bye
you sure	yes
bye	bye
hey joe	big joe
hey what	shut up
thirsty	no
guess not	guess not
olivia	hey
hey	oh hey
hey olivia	yeah
anybody	no thanks
no thanks	fin
what	grace
no	amen
no	how come
yeah	cool
hi	hey hi
hi	hi
the lounge	the lounge
no	tomorrow
tomorrow	yeah
want some	i il pass
whoa	whoa
bye	olivia
olivia	hey
hey	olivia
shit	coming
whoo	what
shh shh	yeah
yes	i m joe
david	hi
no	guess not
hi	hi
hi	hi
yeah	seriously
seriously	yeah
okay	really
really	yeah
i m fine	how much
oh	hang on
emily	emily wait
hey	what s up
couch	oh
really	yeah
mm hmm	no
olivia	go away
come on	oh god fin
you there	what
look at me	good
erik	erik yes
von leiven	vinberg
vinberg	ponti
yes sir	thank you
mr pike	mr pike
dunbar and	mueller
come on	come on
and	kendall
serious	semi
no	excuse me
thanks	now what
promise	hah no
shotgun	whats this
all right	go ahead
his name	mnguni
mnguni	robert
shar	shar
moron	hello
prick	what
what	nothing
thanks	well
no	why
why	not here
i know	you knew
i hate him	why
no	yes
i know	so what
why	why
honest	honest
a license	of course
listen	smell
zack	zack
and again	and again
ooh	oh
and you	for you
save	the sewer
please	no more
no more	please
yeah yeah	here
nineteen	fuck man
oh no	no god
no god	oh god no
female	i think
brendan	excuse me
invisible	silent
okay	it s weird
about what	about what
yeah	right
henry	what henry
it stays	what stays
okay	okay
but	jimmy
she looked	happy
yeah	well
okay	oh god
he	he what
why	why
no doubt	none
michael	michael
henry	what henry
it stays	what stays
okay	okay
but	jimmy
jimmy	she looked
okay	oh god
he	he what
run	dave run
why	why
no doubt	none
michael	michael
good	it s fine
sami rimma	he s yoko
you and i	yes alone
yes alone	of course
a fart	go go
hi cati	hi matteo
hi	hi
sugar	one two
one two	no sugar
hey	giorgia
let me see	here
here	b 3
me yes you	no i can t
get off	bye
excuse me	thanks
back	back
away quick	go away
hi hi	come in
books	books
nothing	i found
i m done	why
no	why
and mom	and nicola
are you	i am
hi hi	excuse me
i will	i will
what	i m busy
sit down	sit down
camel no	canary no
enough	enough
very well	fight
sara	bravo
go	fight
your m mom	is d dead
mom	giulia
oglala	oglala
for these	brothers
soon	lf i die
stefano	yes sir
okay	bye thanks
shawrelle	i will
big willie	hey sally
no sir	yeah
it wasn t	it s ok
what	breathe in
saving it	good girl
no	alright ok
i m asking	can t
saving it	good girl
no	alright ok
i m asking	can t
big willie	nice fight
nice fight	thanks man
thanks man	wanna talk
6 months	christ
ok	thanks
one	ok one
ok one	one
me	yeah you
saving it	good girl
no	alright ok
i m asking	can t
so	one day
rrr	oh right
peter	peter
so	one day
rrr	oh right
peter	peter
mr ferront	yeah
you ok	no
no	why
who	marion
you little	let s go
why	let s go
i m okay	damn it
now	yeah
nope	try it
really	really
to grieve	to think
there	with alice
yeah	and
i will	you too
you okay	you yeah
a whore	i m sorry
it s fine	really why
is he good	yes
no	why not
alice	i promise
how was it	fine
sign	no pen
go to her	thank you
since when	now
now	just now
hi	i m sorry
inhaling	sniffs
okay	okay
oh	thanks
ohh okay	okay okay
okay okay	whew okay
sighs	a lark
chuckles	knocks
heavysigh	it s 3 00
mmm hot	poor guy
poor guy	mmm oh
clem joel	clem
wait clem	clem
joel	joel
yuck	buzzing
and nice	what
i mean yes	yeah
gagging	coughing
that truck	doc please
groans	growling
whoo	come on
who is it	sighs
hi there	hi
i m joel	hi joel
so go	i did
beep	okay
groaning	sighs
hey	hey
doorcloses	panting
crying	okay okay
okay okay	laughing
how s ted	he s fine
and sloth	sloth
one	two
tennessee	morty
god	bummer ted
hello	yeah hi
eighty one	eighty two
hi	hi
hi	hi
how s ted	he s fine
chico	chico
and sloth	sloth
one	two
tennessee	morty
god	bummer ted
hello mort	yeah hi
eighty one	eighty two
hi	hi
hi	hi
signora	maestro
damn you	curse you
christine	christine
christine	christine
come	come
no raoul	no
master	passarino
christine	why
why	why
eyes blue	blond hair
how s mom	she s okay
wait	no
arnold	i said
i love you	i love you
shit yo	holy shit
sorry	yeah
hi	who s up
get off	get off
heel	heel
no i m not	cool
sure	hey hey
so uh	so uh
sunday	oh my god
yeah	good
sorry	yeah
hi	who s up
get off	get off
heel	heel
no i m not	cool
thanks	oh my god
okay	okay
sure	hey hey
so uh	so uh
sunday	oh my god
yeah	good
sits	mum
on sunday	about bo e
so	well
it	drums
where were	everywhere
really	it
30	30 judas
no	never
get going	go
don t you	how
no	never
don t you	how
let s go	jew
let s go	jew
he s dead	make sure
that	the hope
chardolot	chardolot
what	hope
chardolot	chardolot
get up	you swines
waiting	what for
bassignano	sir
sir	bouquet
bouquet	what now
what now	langonnet
good luck	touch wood
to love	true love
sorry	can t you
1 2 3	4 5 6
albatross	albatross
pardon	hope
for france	charge
look here	damn it
sorry	hi
come on	shoot me
hi hi	fuck
sorry	hi
come on	shoot me
hi hi	fuck
cheers	cheers
hello	where
that too	yes yes
i know man	hold on
hold on	listen man
hey	hey
i love you	me too
bye	bye
fish	fish
lisa	lisa
okay	well um
thanks	hello
wait	your hand
i got this	no i
i m scared	of him
like what	like uh
it s time	dad and i
dad and i	need
oh come on	hello
later	okay
you	you you
hey terri	terri
come on	okay
your name	sloane
too fast	not ready
not ready	well cool
t erri	terri wait
terri wait	wait jerk
help him	oh my god
oh my god	i m out
i m out	thank you
frances	car keys
mein fhrer	steiner
traudl	look here
good	goodbye
look at me	look at me
get off	why
fine	done
very sweet	and in bed
really	kaboom
one	oh ooh
big home	hey
that s it	it s okay
thank you	thank you
no help	adam
adam	adam
dad	adam no
mom	adam
hey	answer me
answer me	yes daddy
okay what	what is it
no hey	hey
hey	adam
no no	thank god
dad	did i die
pius	s s street
clark	z zach
zachary	honey
nooo no	my baby
no my baby	my baby
melinda	i m sorry
adam	is this me
zachary	what
honey	mommy
i know	mrs duncan
mrs duncan	coming
coming	hey
i m fine	all right
really	kaboom
hmm	please
please	i promise
i promise	thank you
dancer hoy	hoy
hoy	hoy
hoy	hoy
hoy	hoy
laughing	tea lovely
inhaling	it s as if
thank you	thank you
laughs	sighing
uh here	oh
oh	thank you
uh my hat	oh uh
i want you	giggling
i forgot	what
what	hmm
thank you	giggles
exercising	grunting
grunting	oh
oh	grunting
hmm	ah
no	ah
nothing	tell me
ah	ok
who did	tom and me
love	love
don t cry	hmm
hmm	laughing
25 000	by matnan
dube	style sir
style sir	yes sir
oh victor	victor
i am hutu	gentlemen
to peace	peace
oh no	i m okay
shoot them	shoot them
okay	but
please	got it
oh god	sir dube
boussey	it s you
oh my god	oh my god
dube	style sir
style sir	yes sir
oh victor	victor
i am hutu	gentlemen
to peace	peace
oh no	i m okay
shoot them	shoot them
okay	but
please	got it
ok dave	hey
hey	hey
fist bump	fist bump
come here	come here
one	so
what what	what
millie	thanks
six five	four three
four three	two
ok then	marty
no cameras	we ready
help	help help
help	help
shut up no	shut up no
what	what the
c m p a c	c m p a c
woo sik	woo sik
fool	cheetah
how much	all these
yeah	going home
going home	right
bye	bye
what place	the alamo
almeron	susanna
si alteza	iexcelente
one or all	exactly
ifuego	ifuego
mornin	yes sir
down	down down
agh	arrgh
what place	the alamo
shouting	come on
si alteza	excelente
it burns	but sir
one or all	exactly
sobbing	fuego
fuego	fuego
fuego	wailing
mornin	yes sir
man 2 down	down down
aghl	arrghl
fuck you	goddamn it
oh shit	dad
oh shit	mom
mom	stop it
mom	mom what
hey	yeah
mommy	what
mom	what
who	edith
then just	what
hey hey	hello
i forgot	goddamn it
fuck	jack
i love you	you jack
understand	come here
no	drink
edith	edith stop
yes	sit down
i m ngel	why s that
ngel	ignacio
ignacio	ngel
ngel	right ngel
so	what
no	no
yes	what
what	cocaine
here	of course
oh fag	come on
no	ignacio
the key	wait
i liked it	so did i
and one	change
change	change
change	change
change	change
change	change
change	change
change	change
why	well
the visit	yes
come in	thank you
yes	i guess so
god	yes
silk	it s yours
ignacio no	fuck
too late	i can t
the dough	more
promise me	i promise
yes	no
what	my tits
you	at last
sure	yes
i m ngel	why s that
ignacio	ngel
ngel	right ngel
so	what
hello	hello
no	no
yes	i miss you
yes	what
what	cocaine
here	of course
oh fag	come on
no	lgnacio
the key	wait
i liked it	so did i
and one	change
change	change
change	change
change	change
change	change
change	change
change	change
why	well
the visit	yes
hello	hello
come in	thank you
yes	i guess so
god	yes
hello	hello
silk	it s yours
ignacio no	fuck
too late	i can t
the dough	more
promise me	i promise
yes	no
what	my tits
no no	go away
you	at last
sure	yes
who is it	it s me
right	balance
lena olga	amanda
stop it	stig
what is it	daniel
no no no	stay put
right	balance
lena olga	amanda
stop it	stig
very well	headmaster
me	come here
egg head	be quiet
at random	if i may
what for	a choir
alto left	ilouse
what	a choir
a choir	yes
yes but	but what
stop	enough
enough	i told you
let go	let go
calm down	calm down
what solo	my solo
my my life	how to say
are you ok	fine
ok goodbye	goodbye
no	i swear
go back	go
go	go
and my ass	let s go
all right	thank you
goddamn it	hey
hey	hey
hurry	i m here
i m fine	okay
all right	okay
bo abby	bo
abby	okay
come on	yeah
hi daddy	oh my boy
all right	thank you
hi	how is she
hurry	i m here
i m fine	okay
all right	okay
bo abby	bo
abby	okay
come on	yeah
hi daddy	oh my boy
well voil	so
no	no no
i love it	good
thanks	it s hot
he is this	an 80 shoe
i wish	kallen
no	ok
tra la	fantastic
oh	not good
chardonnay	correct
um	er
er	oh oh god
i ever had	the best
are they	i think so
me	10 30
oh	er
ten years	in here
oh fine	hmm
yes	thank you
hello mark	er
hello	hello
well er	er
and and	you say
i do again	and colin
and colin	i do again
hmm	man laughs
charles	yeah
roaring	aah
hello	echoing
gasps	coughing
ok uh	look
oh	the money
bear roars	come on
up	up
jesus	it s deep
huh so	what
yelling	roaring
screaming	roaring
steve	screaming
whoo	laughing
hey is	hang on
come on	roars now
bear roars	shrieks
run	roaring
charles	aah ohh
aah	screaming
come on	groaning
laughs	hey ahem
cup of tea	yeah
groaning	all right
all right	ok
ow	moaning
moaning	hold on
aah no aah	screaming
screaming	bob
bob	aah
hold on	helicopter
over here	hey
sam please	mom
yeah	because
forget me	not ever
sam please	mom
yeah	because
forget me	not ever
you okay	what
no	okay
hey walter	hello
hello	hello
okay	yeah okay
walter	cop
okay	okay okay
okay okay	okay
maybe not	you scared
when	earlyjuly
what else	nothin
nothin	that s it
hi	hello
i am not	i am not
susan	jennifer
jennifer	jackie
you okay	what
hey walter	hello
hello	hello
okay	yeah okay
walter	cop
okay	okay okay
okay okay	okay
maybe not	you scared
when	early july
what else	nothin
nothin	that s it
hi	hello
i am not	i am not
susan	jennifer
jennifer	jackie
ira	dad
sorry	yeah
why	i mean
okay	what s up
what s up	here
exhales	hmm
okay okay	sighs
and shame	mrs vaughn
oh	crunching
dad	yeah
yeah	dad
howdy	mr pela
thank you	shit
all right	bye
hey gus	hey
tim	come on
excuse me	excuse me
what	no no
no no	no no
what	no i uh
kinda what	just
free what	free
bum	bum bum
whoo	look at us
noah yeah	um
noah	noah
huh	come on
do it	stop it
stop it	oh
noah noah	noah
so paint	i will
right	right
no no	no
noah	noah
yeah	yeah
okay	and bacon
okay	thank you
oh yes	of course
good night	good night
excuse me	excuse me
what	no no
no no	no no
what	no i uh
kinda what	just
free what	free
bum	bum bum
whoo	look at us
noah yeah	um
noah	noah
huh	come on
do it	stop it
stop it	oh
noah noah	noah
so paint	i will
right	right
no no	no
noah	noah
yeah	yeah
okay	and bacon
okay	thank you
oh yes	of course
good night	good night
closed yup	open up
shit	damn
all right	sutures
you okay	i m fine
may i	of course
i wanted i	oh no no
yes sir	s
s	tick
name	wladimir
oh che	delicious
very funny	come in
come in	forget it
it s her	i know
really	hi mara
it s tight	tight
moolah	dough
dough	silver
sweetie	i love you
well	well what
well what	yeah well
stop stop	stop
yes	six
six	no way
no six	me either
final poll	in paris
1932 223	1936 146
1936 146	down 77
1932 77	1936 45
1936 146	up 49
1936 72	up 62
says who	l humanite
good luck	good luck
hi	hi
this is it	waouh
oh yeah	try it
i do	yes you do
kit	oh oh god
hope not	hey hi
27 alice	27
o k	ok
hi alice	hey
scocky	whatever
hi	hey hi
hey hey	hey
great	thank you
and cue	cue
cue	cue
pepys	mmm
touch what	what
whoa	whoa
oh erm	here
here	read
what hm	an actress
an actress	a what
a what	an actress
the palace	oh
yes	you
you	a woman
now	my mother
desdemona	well
oh please	thank you
right here	ha ha ha
stop it	stop it
with women	with men
oh	ned tommy
ned tommy	kynaston
oh	falsely
alas alas	alas
nobody	i myself
who knows	bravo
help	help
you again	hey
from sea	to
to	shining
shining	sea
you got	my letters
a bus	where to
dead	i m sorry
i didn t	are you
what	never mind
silver	silver
silver	goddamn it
one l	four love
four love	three you
hi grandma	oh yeah
who s rudy	mama
i won t	gracie
mom mom	monkeys
not to you	just leave
it s okay	it s okay
hey	hi
kids	boys
ryan	ryan
i got her	come on
come on	yeah
sorry	i mean
thank you	thank you
the towns	what for
murmuring	door opens
shh shh	shh
shh	sobbing
whimpering	howling
footsteps	growl
growl	whimpering
whimpering	howling
growling	whimpers
scratching	growling
grunting	growling
come on in	thumping
creaking	noah
mama	door opens
muttering	22 23 24
take her	screams no
i know	if he dies
ivy	has asked
grunts	crying
rustling	crying
screaming	roaring
roars	screaming
noah	oh god
the towns	what for
shh shh	shh
take her	no
i know	if he dies
lvy	has asked
oh no	oh god
noah	oh god
the towns	what for
thank you	thank you
thank you	thank you
no hitting	no hitting
no hitting	no hitting
the towns	what for
thank you	thank you
thank you	thank you
no hitting	no hitting
no hitting	no hitting
ivy	yes father
ivy	has asked
kevin	kevin
the towns	what for
shh shh	shh
take her	no
i know	if he dies
ivy	has asked
oh no	oh god
noah	oh god
maja hey	hey maja
hi hi	hello hi
dad	get up
get up	dad
eric	sure great
heilo	heilo
ben	what
no one	mr steed
ho	pa pa
come on	move em
over there	thanks
ready	ready
ready	pull
ready	pull
alright go	go go
evening	steed
steed	joshua
lydia	i il come
how s ma	worried
josh	it is
lydia	joshua
joshua	come on
come on	in here
over there	thank you
emma smith	oh
of course	hey
yes	a lot
is this it	got to be
well	well
joshua	mmm
tonight	for sure
and pull	pa
attacked	twice
i m sure	i m sorry
ever	get back
don t	josh
business	yes
what	new york
i m out	me too
me too	so steed
i won t	i can t
is this it	yes
of course	i am sure
hello son	morning ma
i can	melissa
haw	bye pa
bye pa	bye pa
an answer	to what
henry	henry
i m sorry	i m sorry
hello	hello
father	father
hello	the police
tell me	tell me
i love you	what
damn it	dad
oh honey	i m sorry
shut up	what else
so	so what
okay	the swing
lila	please
olive what	skin
yes	why
look iook	i know you
and hair	and skin
no thanks	no why not
fuck her	come on
about what	you know
you know	no i don t
who	the devil
sir please	fuck
i gotta go	wait
uh huh	ok
yeah	ok
ok	let em go
hurry	hurry here
see ya	yeah
no frank	listen
oh my god	oh my god
sorry	it s ok
ei	hello irmo
i am	i am
i am	i am
retches	coughing
yes or no	then l
bell rings	jomo jesus
sighs	laughs
the e mail	oh it s um
right yeah	so um
yes really	yes
yeah	chuckles
clanging	squawking
sighs	huh
german	birgit
continues	grunts
run	wait wait
no no	stop don t
she saw me	when
gardenias	no
me too	you cry
what	tomorrow
he s gone	he s gone
hi hey	how s work
who s here	watch out
baby talk	yeah
hey hi	hi hi
she s dead	wow man
knocking	kyle yeah
i got aids	no
look here	a rabbit
i love you	me too
no	how old
how old	my age
i gotta go	it s farik
what	pull over
no	what
no	no
he s dead	i m sorry
darwyn	hey pal
hey pal	up high
up high	down low
down low	too slow
good job	go home
of course	and
about whom	majid
no	right well
money	what then
nothing	nothing
i m sorry	what for
and then	and then
well	well what
open up	yes
no why	come on
to whom	me
that s all	now i know
dare	okay lame
hey	hey
sorry	oh doctor
exactly	all right
like what	honestly
no	charlie
oh my god	what
t r e	yeah
no	no prints
hello	charlie
and	one night
screaming	burning
hey sam	yeah
hey sam	yeah
so	damn girl
no	it s okay
aah	aah
okay	okay
francis	byte me
about me	yeah sorry
i m sorry	lori
you okay	yeah
bye see ya	see ya
see ya	b bye
yes	i see
after you	which way
lkuko	mommy
where	over there
mine	hey
certainly	what s
thank you	not at all
mr kono	coming
lkuko	lkuko
lkuko	mommy
no	what
going up	ok
no fair	what
four	hey can i
not at all	youtwo
ok see ya	thanks
bye	thanks
lkuko	lkuko
no	don t lie
lkuko	lku lkuko
lkuko	lkuko
what the	mr kamiya
ok	i m sorry
mommy	stay here
lkuko	lkuko
mommy	no
no	stay there
mommy	no lkuko
bye	b bye
yes i do	good
oh i see	mm hm
let s see	540
540	just
just	40
40	that way
that way	ok
ok 9f	ok
ceci	ceci
let s try	in here no
shit shit	mommy what
do	ok
ok	ok bye bye
oh god	oh god
mommy	wh
i m glad	mm
hi hi	so ok
stop it	stop it
stop it	stop it
ceci	ceci
i hate you	fuck
hello	hello
ceci	ceci
ceci	ceci
ceci	ceci
ceci	ceci
ceci	oh god
ceci	ceci
ceci	ceci
so take me	rachel no
at two	okay
i il just	i il just
go	weird kid
jae young	hold on
jae young	carry me
carry me	carry me
jae young	jae young
you little	let s go
why	let s go
i m okay	damn it
now	yeah
nope	try it
hey you	come here
come here	come
hello	hi jane
lunch bag	suit bag
suit bag	kiss
oh sure	wow
jonathan	find him
static	susie i
phone	hello
no no no	oh ok
yeah	she was um
anna	anna baby
john	john
mr black	uh
man stop	she s ours
she s ours	growling
hear that	that s her
sure	sure
john	hey
go	go now
go now	static
static	go now
catch them	kill them
oh god	damn it
holy shit	excuse me
hello	hey ma hi
no ma	yeah
chelsea	chelsea
george	george
about us	about me
yeah	yeah i do
okay	okay
let me out	hi lisa
catch them	kill them
catch them	kill them
catch them	kill them
chelsea	chelsea
george	george
liar liar	liar
father	kathy lutz
kathy lutz	hello
no	put
catch them	kill them
father	father
catch them	kill them
catch them	kill them
kill them	catch them
cheche yes	any luck
yes	nothing
there	better eh
better	yes better
squad	squad tion
merrin	merrin
not you no	no not me
yes	thank you
who merrin	why
now	quickly
newcastle	yes sir
hello	who
who	santiago
here yo yo	oh fuck
15	16
16	17
do you	no
flair	aye
hey mal	munez
munez	come here
ok yeah	go
good	so do i
no	you should
names	names
when	tomorrow
more	yes
mommy	sorry
mr haskins	hello
emily	emily
honey	you okay
come on	come on
over here	okay
okay	all right
all right	good night
hi	hi
you do	yeah
yeah	good
veronica	no
he s	not a doll
not a doll	he
he	okay well
see	all right
hi	hi hi
hi hi	hi amy
yeah okay	bye bye
good good	there
there	perfect
perfect	hi
hi	hey sorry
emily	let s go
david	yeah
okay	okay
charlie	charlie
hi	hi
yeah	okay
hello	david
emily	em
em	honey
cute kid	thank you
emily	emily
help me	i can t
he made me	he made me
hello	emily
marco	hello
no	oh oh liar
oh oh liar	i m not
i m not	liar liar
emily	i wonder
katherine	charlie
don t	what
yes	great
guys guys	guys
guys	up up
yes sir	mr worm
i m open	damien
quiet	quiet
pinole	bitch ass
go go	come on
st francis	st francis
ball ball	move move
they wait	we wait
come here	decay on
thus	thus
nightmares	yes
intangible	salame
come here	decay on
thus	thus
nightmares	yes
su in	come on
yeah	i wish i
mi sun	are you ok
mi sun	wake up
i m here	for you
you	get up
you mean	yeah
sit down	now
spooky huh	ouch
caroline	it s real
oh god no	caroline
candle	chalk
i don t	no
who is it	nobody
hi there	hi hi mom
mommy	mommy
stop	kathy no
i m sor	no i can t
i see him	i hear him
i m sor	i m so sor
who is it	nobody
hi there	hi hi mom
mommy	mommy
stop	kathy no
i m sorry	no i can t
i see him	i hear him
yoo hoo	pollyanna
picture it	darkness
but honor	yes
for love	o k
fio	i m fine
porco	hmm
oh no no	me too
oh oh	gotcha
madam	madam
fio is	fio
angelino	grandma
me	why
she s cute	shut up
shut up	get lost
get lost	bye
fio	i m fine
a pig	place yer
smlle	yes
four	three
three	two
two	one
one	zero
ooops	jammed too
jammed too	you idiot
porco	the gong
hurry up	shut up
goodbye	thank you
no no	no
your face	wait hey
sam what	nothing
sorry	easy girl
ch my god	my car
alan	quiet
i m here	ch great
jumanji	no alan no
boss	boss
continues	stops
psst	psst
psst	mmm
grunting	oh
stay pig	stay
door slams	wheezing
reading	pig
pig	pig
pig	pi ig
c est paye	balaye
an echo	continues
whimpering	panting
hey you	thanks
thank you	your honor
sighs	reading
yeah	darn few
up	up
flealick	huh
huh	flealick
panting	hmph
ohh	hooting
babe shh	laughs
okay go	babbling
hooting	oh
aaah aaaah	aaaaah
screaming	cries
that il do	that il do
dad	no
jamboree	here it is
hurry up	hurry up
okay	um uh
but y o u	aw dad
dad	max
yeah	eye to eye
dad	no
jamboree	here it is
okay	um uh
but y o u	aw dad
dad	max
yeah	eye to eye
ok	ok
good	huh
what	hello
look look	las vegas
oops	sorry
hello	hello
hello	hello
nice	look out
lyle	yeah
junior	daddy
cool	there see
george	ok
mom	lyle
lyle	ursula
more more	more stop
here we go	ah well
unc	unc unc
whoa oh	wow hey
wow	wow ohh
flik	i m okay
p t oh no	rosie
hey	hey whoo
no no	oh no
gadget	baxter oh
two	here boss
what no	dr claw
dr claw	claw huh
oh	uh
uh	gadgets
gadgets	hi chief
ready	say cheese
ha ha ha	silence
sorry	oh no
thanks g2	brain
let s go	ooh ow
help	gasps
brain yech	laughing
let s go	all hmm
screams	shrieking
gasps	panting
i wantmy	mama
ah	laughing
hello	hello
whirring	smile
hmm huh	huh
adios boys	whee
whee	wild thing
whimpering	hmm
hmm whoa	gasping
gasping	laughing
cackling	gasps
it s mine	it s mine
ooh oh	ow ow
screaming	my hair
fuck	jocke
jocke	helen
leave	coke
oh buddy	buddy
and color	and breed
loser	cat person
gross	guilty
really	okay
okay	yeah okay
no wait	all right
come on	please
i did it	we did it
we did it	we did it
gas	brake
kid	lou
lou	butch
butch	what s up
five five	oh
oh	bell dings
bell dings	mia laughs
mia laughs	oh
down here	mla aah
mla aah	oh oh
oh oh ooh	ooh ooh
ooh ooh	oh
good bye	good bye
good bye	thank you
oh	mia
hey	hi
hi	so um
ok ok	bye laughs
really	yeah
yeah here	ooh
you re not	no
what	sighs
just focus	ha ha ha
oh here	oh thanks
aah aah	gasps aah
gasps aah	aah
mm hmm	grandma
i am sorry	oh my dear
meow	thunder
gotcha	oh
who	me
beautiful	to me
to me	to me
well	martin
my	hop in
julia	my julia
i do	i do
where s bo	calm down
corfu	corf corfu
yes	mr getz
oh	enough
tax	expenses
richard	bernard
bernard	mr bernard
not one	fine
easy	it s ok
help me	help me
maybe both	good job
good job	crazy boy
thanks	perfect
amazing	lncredible
a lion	a lion yes
jump	i m stuck
colwyn	father
where	stay still
stay still	where
hold on	reach
not again	not again
only now	now
forget it	give up
run atreyu	run atreyu
he made it	he made it
needs	a new name
they look	like good
like good	strong
his name	was atreyu
really	try it
are you ok	are you ok
help me	help me
help me	help me
help me	junco
i m sure	what
michi	what
what	no
harue	harue
yeah	want some
here	oh thanks
kawashima	harue
harue	watch out
together	yeah
forever	death was
jack jack	jack
not today	why not
why not	because
tip it	hmm ahhh
lily	jack what
gump	screwball
screwball	jack lad
i made it	screwball
clever boy	yes
mm hmm	oh
woo her	woo her
blunder	shh
here yes	please
my heart	my soul
my soul	my love
my love	love
father	protect me
good boy	she s here
i got it	good
tough	no do you
your ego	your enemy
okay	i give up
yeah right	liu
back home	it s true
no dignity	no manners
what	kitana
ls it time	yes
goro goro	yes goro
wait	wait
follow him	finish him
let me go	stop
wait	what
i accept	leave us
hello	excuse me
john	you really
my doctor	yeah he uh
how is he	the same
the same	walenski
wake up	hey
wake up	wake up
wake up	hello
yes	yes
harris	harris
yes	if
hello	hello
johnny	johnny
ls that me	yeah
karl	huh
karl	uncle karl
hmm	wait
um	sir
sir	shoelace
take us	to murdoch
to murdoch	sleep
no no	john stop
remember	john
oh please	oh no
oh no	thank you
sway sway	take me
yeah	yeah
yes	daddy
daddy	mr parrish
you are	yes
it s over	it s over
it s over	mr parrish
yeah	good
a pleasure	eh
more	right
mmm	mmm
mmm	no
yes bill	um
okay	not okay
night	good night
no	gay no
to bed	to bed yes
to bed yes	i m tired
sure	whatever
fries	no
right okay	wait
friends	sure
elliot	hi
damn	oh heck
lips	tongue
off	shut up
okay okay	i wish
sure	whatever
fries	no
right okay	wait
friends	sure
elliot	hi
damn	oh heck
iips	tongue
off	shut up
okay okay	i wish
sweet you	sweet you
hi	you guys
it is done	wild thing
enjoy	flamenco
idiota	whimpering
whimpering	jefe
shouts	corazon
corazon	screams
easy	easy
now i i	sighs
friends	sure
hey damn	um oh heck
your	creamy
creamy	soft
wait	okay
off	shut up
shut up	pipe organ
okay okay	i wish
oh god	screaming
whoo hoo	hoo
alison hi	hi oh uh
yeah	godzilla
thanks	dad
yuri	pull me up
come here	oh
oh	zipper zip
ellie hi	hi
yeah	jake
shouts	watch out
let me try	uh hi
oh shit	oh shit ok
oh shit ok	ok ok oh
oh my god	jesus
typing	dog barks
no bye	okey doke
okey doke	excuse me
screams	oh my god
ellie	no
hey jake	jimmy hey
a werewolf	hm
hey zipper	hey
hey	dogs bark
no zipper	zipper
kyle	kyle
ellie	i love you
i love you	please
dripping	jimmy
are you ok	i will be
good night	5 000 is
marmara	go ahead
who	cairo
home	i was no
is he	is he yeah
hello	yes
yes	who
oh yes	where
where	yes yes
yes sam	okay
dangerous	very
i told him	i told him
it s heavy	what is it
pay him	why
do so	thank you
joe brody	who s he
i think so	go ahead
i am	200 it is
all right	come on in
i can t	why not
german	no you
hello	german
yes	paine
oh	why
all right	gunshots
one	two
two	three
three	four
four	five
five	six
six	seven
seven	eight
one two	three four
three four	five six
hey	hey
you	yeah you
yeah you	untie her
lf we go	too far
i love him	so
lf i tried	lf i tried
peter	john
john	james
why i	should die
all right	i il die
two	three four
seven	eight nine
eight nine	ten
ten	eleven
eleven	twelve
twelve	thirteen
thirteen	fourteen
fourteen	fifteen
fifteen	sixteen
sixteen	seventeen
seventeen	eighteen
eighteen	nineteen
i commend	my spirit
now stop	stop
stop	stop
ready sure	let s go
aaah	no no
help stop	stop
hello	hello yes
hey doc	over here
mr hank	help help
help help	help
help	help
help	mr hank
help	mr hank
ready	let her go
no	come on
shoot it	no
no	come on
shoot it	no
corporal	ok outside
father	thank you
who	who but
hello	hello
answer me	answer
murderers	murderers
come on	robert
run	robert
mom	yeah
and ever	and ever
tony	l m scared
i do	i love it
and ever	and ever
you sure	yes dad
yes dad	good
it s okay	it s okay
thanks	women
words of	wisdom
grady	yes sir
a nigger	cook
she	interferes
talking to	if
perhaps	a bit more
redrum	redrum
wake up	come on
come on	right now
right now	wake up
i just	wanted
okay	let s talk
no	l can t
why	well
stay away	darling
stay away	please
redrum	redrum
run	quick
please	don t
don t	don t
mom	yeah
please	no
and ever	and ever
tony	l m scared
i do	i love it
and ever	and ever
you sure	yes dad
yes dad	good
it s okay	it s okay
thanks	women
words of	wisdom
grady	yes sir
a nigger	cook
she	interferes
talking to	if
perhaps	a bit more
redrum	redrum
wake up	come on
come on	right now
right now	wake up
i just	wanted
okay	let s talk
no	l can t
why	well
stay away	darling
stay away	please
redrum	redrum
run	quick
please	don t
don t	don t
mom	yeah
and ever	and ever
tony	i m scared
i do	i love it
and ever	and ever
you sure	yes dad
yes dad	good
it s okay	it s okay
grady	yes sir
she	interferes
perhaps	a bit more
i just	wanted
okay	let s talk
no	i can t
why	weil
stay away	darling
stay away	please
run	quick
please	don t
don t	don t
mary	mary
enoch	yeah enoch
sure thing	bye
sandra	sandra
call it	heads
bob	bob
bob	bob
bob	bob
i m hungry	good
come in	come in
alright	alright
ann	it s him
pervert	murderer
well	yes
yes	that s it
yes	excuse me
sure	come on
my car	yeah okay
yeah okay	in you go
no	no
no	go away
go away	no
no	go away
ready	here we go
mary	jerry
jerry	jerry
no no	no
father	sister
what is it	surprise
wit	wit right
yes	love me
oh jesus	god
for	come on
i m sorry	right
okay what	really
the eyes	the eyes
arthur	arthur
dr mckay	dr mckay
jill	jill
no kidding	honest
no more	no more
i iike ice	bitch
ah success	voila
larry	larry
dad	kirsty
why not	great
dad	kirsty hi
no please	out
oh no	oh no
good	come here
quite sure	only i
could you	would you
then maybe	maybe
daddy	daddy
move	kirsty
kirsty	move
oh my god	come
come	to daddy
no	not me
oh my god	daddy
daddy	daddy
frank	no
oh no	oh god no
oh god no	open
open	steve no
yeah yeah	ohh bye
sure	okay i was
in here	yeah here
my soul	on fire
my soul	on fire
i il pay	so do they
harry	johnny
i do	outside
please	michael
okay	bye
go ahead	come on
hi rachel	hi
bye	rachel
what is he	tell me
she s fine	good
brady	get back
get back	brady no
shit	brady
get on	hold on
please	help me
help me	please
please	help me
no	no
no	no
i do	outside
please	michael
okay	bye
go ahead	come on
hi rachel	hi
bye	rachel
what is he	tell me
she s fine	good
brady	get back
get back	brady no
shit	brady
get on	hold on
please	help me
help me	please
please	help me
no	no
no	no
dr hallen	oh he has
yes	steve
cellar	okay
co2	dave
shhh quiet	co2
ever	ever
hey barney	hi stan
i love you	i m sorry
i	i i
how one	how
thank you	forever
could you	sorry
sorry	thank you
jeff	jeff
hello	hello
no	you too
mr keene	hello
what h2o	water
beware	girly boy
yes	no i
stanley	yeah
we re here	my god
no	you too
mr keene	hello
what h2o	water
beware	girly boy
yes	no i
stan	stan
stanley	yeah
we re here	my god
here we go	forceps
rachel	sweetheart
thank you	thank you
yes	right
beeping	ready
ready	buzzing
yes	no
no	yes
here i am	oh mr gris
six five	four three
four three	two one
i m dying	how weird
alone	alone
great tito	great
thud	uncle
somehow	someway
the day	this house
this house	and you
loves you	jesus
human	of course
you first	my way out
go	go
come here	angel
help me	help me
home	earth
earth	earth
amen	amen
mamacita	hey cutie
hi	i m simon
now	ohh
no	not me
hi	weil now
what is it	come here
come here	come here
mary	oh honey
ohh fuck	ah oh fuck
and i said	shh
mary	his car
use that	use it
go home	go home
oh	hey nice
oh god	screams
whatthe	wrong set
jeez	yeah mydad
what sthat	oh jeez
rock	yeah whoo
yeah	whoo yeah
hike	pass pass
hello	hello
oh god no	no
no	oh nowwhat
screaming	oh mygod
bobby	i am ready
right	bobby huh
it syours	ahhhhhh
rumbling	oh shit
oh shit	shouting
shouting	growling
cdc	cdc
chuy	chuy
hey guys	huh
god	man
all right	oh shit
we il go	yes
chuy	chuy
chuy	chuy
taxi	orchestra
ends	roaring
let s go	techno
no don t	oh miss
screaming	ye ah yeah
groans	coughing
continues	roars
screaming	grunting
serafine	continues
banging	banging
andy	hi
i guess	um
barking	screams
giggling	mmm
serafine	l no way
jump	screams
claude no	you
let it go	no yes
no yes	crying
oh brother	rock
chris	gunshots
lnspector	continues
clicking	andy
groaning	i can t
i can t	panting
oh man	ldiot
i love you	je t aime
no	andy
guilty	a wedding
i m hungry	oh yeah
oh yeah	oh yeah
oh yeah	oh yeah
oh yeah	oh
oh	amanda
uh when	just now
beaten	outsmarted
somewhere	anywhere
anywhere	reese
yes it is	time
shit	what
yeah	that s it
that s it	yes
yes	okay
hello	hello
you quit	i quit
seems like	how is he
how is he	who hobbes
come on	what s up
like a cop	yeah
the street	the smells
come here	come here
yes it is	time
yes it is	lou what
how clever	jesus
like what	like what
come on	i mean
us us who	who us
okay	touche
you know	how lovely
come on	tell me
foreplay	watch out
go go	open up go
my prints	on what
no	what
i fell	you fell
john john	sam
yes it is	time
coffee	no thanks
good night	good night
yes it is	time
okay	got it
that tape	that one
that one	what is it
what is it	this one
izu yeah	hello
grandpa	welcome
hello	welcome
cut it out	please
excuse me	come in
good night	thank you
correct	correct
hello	thank you
hello	yoichi
help me	help me
wait	i m sorry
mom	yoichi
dad	dad
take me	please
please	take me
yoichi	yoichi
sniffles	hey
she pants	uh
ah agh agh	arghhh
arghhh	argh
yeah	when
go	go
jake	jake
jake	tom jake
don t	argh
gunshot	adam
hums	no no
agh	ow
sighs ok	tom grunts
tom	tom oh
who says	panting
what	nothing
groans	damn
adam hi	hi
screams	retches
get out	get out
shit	argh
oh	oh oh
oh	oh oh
oh	oh
oh	oh
oh	oh oh
sighs	ringing
chuckles	do you see
it s okay	mm hmm
rattling	growling
rumbling	thudding
oh eleanor	find us
thud	gasps
gasps	screaming
dr marrow	dr marrow
luke david	dr marrow
dr marrow	luke
rumbling	no
no	panting no
no	theo gasps
no no	grunting
nell nell	screaming
luke don t	what don t
groaning	gasping
roaring	screaming
screaming	oh jesus
theo	theo
crackling	roaring
roaring	no
growling	no
boyd	help me
no peyote	no women
probably	to escape
excuse me	im sorry
more	severe
bell rings	time
holy jesus	sorry
can you	afford
want some	colqhoun
colqhoun	reich
its a bone	its a bone
its a bone	whoa
no	no please
no please	no please
please	please
captain	boyd sorry
boyd sorry	thankyou
its a trap	panting
hart ungh	ahh
whimpering	whimpering
you loaded	of course
oh	laughs
oh	laughs
oh god	crying
crying	oh
checkmate	ha ha aah
cleaves	cleaves
major knox	major
major	knox what
boyd knox	major knox
major knox	major knox
boyd lves	ives
well	almost
then	you die
you die	groans
hart yeah	so it is
that was	really
sniffs	eat
eat	or die
or die	coughs
eat	or
wait	wait wait
it hurts	at first
forgive me	flawless
damn	thanks
yeah i did	i knew
fuck	really
get out	fuck
it broke	bullshit
rusted	tetanus
to terry	and to tod
damn	thanks
yeah i did	i knew
fuck	really
get out	fuck
it broke	bullshit
rusted	tetanus
to terry	and to tod
no sir	you do now
you do now	crackles
beeps	beeps
beeps	grunts
grunts	come on
gasps ohh	panting
shh	sighs
aah	gurgling
trlck yeah	whoo
panting	growling
sniffs	coughs ohh
aah aah	aah
grunts	panting
panting	aah
unh	gasps
growls	grunting
gasps	trick
gasps	oh my god
thunder	uhh
uhh	thunder
thunder	charlie
gasps	wake up
crying	it s ok
crack	val
oh god	grunting
oh god	aah
aah	thud
thud	ohh
panting	oh
oh	banging
why where	oh just
oh just	i can t
matthew	rustling
aah	unh
please	grr
hey hey	ha ha ha
whimpering	no aah aah
no aah aah	oh oh oh
aah	gags
mare	no luck
i	yes lucy
but	mary
rumbling	lucy
ring	hello
aah	oh oh my
oh yes	no
hissing	thunder
mary	mary
mary	slmon mary
hisses	shit
mary don t	please
click	click
gasping	choking
gasps	i
slmon mary	mary
lay	it
it	make
make	it binding
it binding	seething
seething	blinding
blinding	screaming
screaming	heavy
excited	really
this fence	it s so
not home	guess not
the garden	the car
hello	mrs feur
oh yes	hi
alone	tv dinner
tv dinner	that s bad
you do	i do
claire	jesus
i m fine	right
oh yeah	i m fine
okay	thank you
no	no
look at me	look at me
so	so
jessica	jessica
uncle mike	uncle mike
jessica	tim
one	two
three dad	four
mom	mom
jacky	jacky
jacky	jacky
help	billy
billy	help help
daddy	billy
go louder	go louder
go bantams	go
go	go bantams
charlie	charlie
oh shit	oh my god
are you ok	look at me
are you ok	i think so
jacky	jacky
dad dad	are you ok
dad	dad
d	go go go
izzy	get down
no	no
look at me	look at me
so	so
jessica	jessica
uncle mike	uncle mike
jessica	tim
one	two
three dad	four
mom	mom
i try not	ellie
dr grant	mr brennan
ellie	ellie
amanda	ben
what is it	what
eric	quiet
oh my god	mr udesky
mr udesky	mr udesky
mr udesky	he s dead
dessert	sure
yeah	so
listen	what
mom dad	eric
eric	mom dad
oh my god	what is it
eric	eric
eric	eric
billy	billy stop
billy stop	billy stop
billy stop	stop billy
hello	ellie
ellie	hello
hello	charlie
charlie	charlie
he is	alan
we made it	yeah
come	come
come	come
oh cyrus	oh god
i love you	surprise
my wife	my wife is
sure	no problem
thank you	mr
oh no	oh cyrus
sign	arthur
kathy	bobby
down here	maggie
bobby	bobby
no no	wait
mom	go on
god	see it
kathy	kathy
look at me	daddy
daddy	it s okay
go go	fast
your uncle	great
great	so
don t go	don t go
daddy	bobby
bobby	dad help
come	come
oh cyrus	oh god
i love you	surprise
my wife	my wife is
sure	no problem
no problem	thank you
thank you	mr
oh no	oh cyrus
sign	arthur
kathy	bobby
down here	maggie
no no	wait
mom	go on
god	see it
kathy	kathy
look at me	daddy
daddy	it s okay
go go	fast
your uncle	great
great	so
don t go	don t go
daddy	bobby
bobby	dad help
oh man	palmer
maurice	biil
viper	a viper
ok so	aii right
come on	whoa damn
cyn	what
what	i can t
i can t	aii right
i hope so	i hope so
no no no	fuck it
oh not now	come on
mama	oh my god
rulz	what rules
why	ask rulz
yes sir	good
yeah	for maya
yeah	yeah
thanks	good job
too bad	i m sorry
yes	62 percent
aw shut up	ow
saint	john s
john s	wort
kohei	yes
look	up there
nami naomi	is that me
bull	it did
it did	i heard it
you did	yes
kohei	keys
keys	yeah
naomi	1986
it s real	what
no	naomi
naomi	no
no	naomi
nami	wake up
okay	then
why	what
right	later
hello	well
work again	yeah
yes	paint me
nami	hurry
kohei	kohei
kohei	nami
where	hall
hall	shinichi
let go	naomi
naomi	naomi
what class	type 7
my second	yeah
please	be quiet
3	2
2	1
look alive	all right
no	right
0 9 5	right uh
loomis	i i um
i i um	go ahead
especially	you
loomis	loom
shinola	sir
wallace	no
no	no no shh
that means	help
here	please
come back	come back
yeah right	jesus
jesus	what is it
no	yeah
oh my god	no mike
yes	listen up
this way	he s there
get coffee	okay
okay	thanks
evening	oh hello
no way	really
um sure	here
go ahead	www maru
www maru	ne jp
sports bag	yes
why	please
what	sit
sit	what is it
what s up	indulge me
no shit	one two
masa	mitsuko
mitsuko	why
what is it	kuroda
going home	yes i am
sissy	my chair
it was	all of it
good bye	wait
memo	here
hello	hey shibu
all good	venha here
matt	youngsters
he s cute	so
so	so
take cover	yeah
matt matt	aah
all right	let s go
aaah	oh god rex
asshole	ooh ok
mmm	mmm
delivery	time out
ok	rex
mmm yeah	mmm
matt	guys
no no	no
no	no
aah aah	aah unh
unh unh	aah
aah	aah
aah	aah
aah	aah
ha hunh	hyah
what	i m sorry
aah	what
what	are you ok
jen	jen
jen	jen
oh my god	cheers
oh no no	mm mm
aaaah	aaaah
aaaah	rudy
oh sorry	are you
aah aah	aah
he s here	oh my god
rudy	uhh uhh
ah	oh aah
oh shit	aaah
aaaah	uhh
aah	aah
no	no
no	aah
uhh	aaah
aaah	ohh
feel this	my camera
all right	all right
no	have you
have you	no
man hey	come back
hello	and uh
and uh	max
max	max
excuse me	kate yeah
max great	anyway
hello	kate whoa
hey miss	hey
hey	wake up
where	in my bed
simon	new haven
skippy	mrs paley
screaming	ahh
kate	sasha
sasha	screaming
all right	okay okay
oh my god	sasha no
stay still	don t
oh my god	is it gone
all right	crackling
crackling	oh shit
oh shit	it s here
max julia	screaming
6 0 6 5 9	6 0 6 5 9
you don t	wait wait
holy shit	holy shit
settle	excuse me
i exist	oh my god
aa ah	ya aa
thank god	yeah
stabbing	ahhgh
hello kate	let her go
i m hungry	simon huh
oh oh	okay
of course	6 0 6 5 9
sir	yes sir
jesus	your voice
hilarious	you re all
want me	you hungry
jesse	a voice
drink	and live
drink	and learn
go go	lestat
lestat	stop her
stop her	you must
yeah	is it
cold	still cold
akasha	arisen
boo	boo back
alive	you
oh my god	jesse
hey	hey
what	moron
oh shit	oh fuck
jeff	what
dude	awesome
oh shit	man doctor
just party	umm
umm	okay
hey	hey
no wait	stay
ah	ah
fuck	fuck
my god	all dead
ha ha	look out
karen	oh jeez
oh jeez	karen babe
karen	karen
karen	ah karen
ah karen	jesus
raymond	ray
ray	ha ha ha
ergh	yah
fuck	oh fuck
aha	the lovers
the lovers	not lately
gene	jeremiah
yeah	could be
carl	hey hey
we re here	huh
oh my god	oh my god
oh my god	jeremiah
fuck you	no
hello	hello
ok	good bye
ya	becareful
stop	becareful
too bad	too bad
what	ah god
shit	god
please out	kelly
come in	baby
mama	what
good	wait
wait	she danger
becareful	what
louis died	ya
what	dove
dove	dove
dove	is a sign
is a sign	what sign
be careful	thank you
thank you	hai
hai	what
oh i see	damn it
wei	lora
let me go	god
god	help
help	god
no	no no
oh my god	ah
ah	careful
becareful	very hot
okay	kyle
caitlin	caitlin
hey catey	kyle
shit	oh shit
ray s dead	he s dead
black cat	why not
a ghost	you man
dad	dad
kyle	alex
one two	okay three
okay three	kyle
kyle	kyle help
till rings	rattling
too too	tooth ooth
help us	please
you re her	he did
whistles	incomin
right	here
whuhh	bleeps
bleeps	both yawn
both yawn	yawns
snores	snores
deal	hey kid
snorts	grunts
rings	what
who is it	pizza guy
ooh ahh	hmm
hmm	mm
so	you
roar	snoring
mom	dad
dad	laughs
huh	screams
yells	groans
who me	nah
s t	e v e
e v e	steve
snarling	show me
the kids	the kids
the kids	showtime
showtime	squealing
and she s	run plug
crash	gibbers
grunts	chortles
you fly	poppycock
magic	magic
magic	magic
magic	magic
oh why not	magic
magic	all gasp
forward	all yell
screams	all wail
all wail	cowards ow
sighs	yes mummy
gary	gary
one bar	one bar
one bar	no bar
no bar	one bar
one bar	two bars
may taurus	same as me
shit	ginny
i want you	i want you
move it	move it
move it	shit
oh shit	what
nice move	what
east	west
oh god	nat
i feel	different
it s okay	come on
hurry up	mom
mom	nat run
it s over	come on
wait nat	hey senga
fuck you	fuck you
okay	aii right
okay now	now now
laura stop	stop it
mare	mare
please	my baby
mom laura	mom
marion	marion
okay	all right
okay now	now now
laura stop	stop it
mare	mare
please	my baby
mom laura	mom
marion	marion
rich	rich
rich	what
um no	no sorry
jesus god	baby
hello	hello
hello	carly
scott no	no
scott	no
hey guys	look
jessie	jessie
help	no
no	no
tylenol	cool
hey karl	over here
don t	sorry
karl	karl
mikki	titus
no wait	look
move	now
ants	look
a nursery	for what
the queen	what
kill it	do it now
tylenol	cool
hey karl	over here
don t	sorry
karl	karl
mikki	titus
fine	you
no wait	look
move	now
my god	magda
a nursery	for what
the queen	what
kill it	do it now
come on	run
oh yeah	come on
it s blood	it s blood
it s blood	yeah but
go	here
it s blood	it s blood
with joy	now listen
now listen	big boy
oh shit	shouting
no please	oh my god
oh my god	no ooo
no ooo	oh my god
but bill	he s okay
what else	nothin
it matches	call it in
hello	oh my god
mary	mary
no ooo	no ooo
no	no no no
no no no	stop no
no ooo	no
no	god no no
god no no	no no
garbageman	he s new
hey rose	hey des
sighs	oh god
carmen	hi
hi	laughs
um	you smoke
you smoke	what
holy shit	what
what	he s hurt
mom	hmm
hmm	mom
mom	huh
no problem	simone
simone	chuckles
yeah	sighs
detective	yeah sure
rosy hey	hey fink
hey fink	hey carmen
hey carmen	hi
who	garbageman
weird	can i see
i m sorry	it s just
bad idea	what idea
jesus	what
what	garbageman
dial tone	carmen
mom	mom
chuckles	yeah
she s uh	whoops
i m	i m sorry
clicking	ringing
well	fuck
no	no
oh my god	gasping
garbageman	he s new
um	ma bell
hey rose	hey des
carmen	hi
um	you smoke
you smoke	what
holy shit	what
what	he s hurt
mom	hmm
hmm	mom
mom	huh
no problem	simone
yeah no	cancer
detective	yeah sure
rosy hey	hey fink
hey fink	hey carmen
hey carmen	hi
who	garbageman
weird	can i see
i m sorry	it s just
bad idea	what idea
jesus	what
what	garbageman
mom	mom
she s uh	whoops
i m	i m sorry
well	fuck
no	no
no	oh my god
oh my god	no
go kia	oh god
thank you	whoa babe
oh my god	over here
what	yeah he
will	hey
i swear	all right
oh shit	linderman
she s mine	mine mine
bye will	be careful
help me	mark
fucker	help me
help	jason
oh my god	ohh god
look	guys look
how sweet	dark meat
oh no	ohh noooo
thank you	ha
hello	hello
look out	shit
shit	oh shit
get away	hey
you ok	baby
aah kemper	erin
erin	erin
all right	go
i got it	ok
excuse me	erin
kemper	kemp
oh	fuck
fuck	come on
come on	ow shit
i can t	oh my god
oh my god	ha ha ha
ha ha ha	you stupid
are you ok	yeah
bring it	bring it
bring it	bring what
bring what	bring it
come on	andy
shit	erin erin
erin erin	erin
fuck	what what
arizona	colorado
colorado	new york
uh erin	i can t
i can t	erin help
erin help	ok
stop	push
do it	do it
go now	now
come on	go go
come on	this way
this way	shit
no	aah no
erin	no
no	aah
aah	no
no	stop uh
run run	erin
morgan	morgan
no	no
no	no
no	no
keep going	stop it
no	keep going
when	tomorrow
understood	understood
mr weyland	man down
move it	now
thomas	what is it
days	months
months	years
verheiden	verheiden
verheiden	somebody
no	quickly
quickly	no no
verheiden	no
hold on	look out
shit	verheiden
lex	hold on
when	tomorrow
understood	understood
mr weyland	man down
move it	now
thomas	what is it
days	months
months	years
derheiden	derheiden
derheiden	somebody
no	quickly
quickly	no no
derheiden	no
hold on	look out
shit	derheiden
lex	hold on
when	tomorrow
understood	understood
mr weyland	man down
move it	now
thomas	what is it
days	months
months	years
verheiden	verheiden
verheiden	somebody
no	quickly
quickly	no no
verheiden	no
hold on	look out
shit	verheiden
lex	hold on
dr franks	very good
for months	who has
the ghost	what ghost
let me see	peaches
stop it	anna
hello fung	yes
aunt mei	yes mr lee
one thing	i mean
aunt mei	you are
ready huh	action huh
ready	go
damn it	hell no
hell no	no
47 seconds	46 seconds
25 seconds	22 seconds
10 seconds	9 seconds
9 seconds	8 seconds
6 seconds	5 seconds
5 seconds	4 seconds
4 seconds	3 seconds
help	help
what	nothing
nothing	thank you
hello	tun
tun	tun
tun	hello
hello	hello
you know	sometimes
a father	mother
mother	or lover
pardon	yes
yes	nothing
tonn	it s tun
tonn	tonn
tun	jane
tun	jane
jane	jane
he s busy	good
oh that 6	hey bug
keep going	let s go
let s go	let s go
let s go	move it
three	two
two	one
one	zero
you okay	no
hey joe	yeah
yeah	probably
who s that	peck
okay	here we go
oh god	help
we got com	we got com
wak e up	wak e up
no sir	inside me
three four	five
five	six seven
six seven	eight nine
eight nine	10 11
ginger	55 56
55 56	help
amen	amen
be quiet	run
what is it	oh shit
brigitte	brigitte
no tab	it s him
yours too	be quiet
lift	okay
quiet	oww
oh god no	oh god
milo	ginger
100	ginger
six seven	eight nine
eight nine	10 11
ginger	55 56
55 56	help
amen	all amen
screaming	grunts
what is it	oh shit
brigitte	brigitte
wallace	resting
ahh	grunts
moans	son
sniffing	growls
growls	take him
milo	ginger
gasps	screams
100	ginger
ready	1 2 3
okay fine	be careful
no thanks	be careful
yes	ok
me	wow
ching	i m sorry
hello	hello
yes	done
talk to me	speak
be quick	ok ok
massage	massage
massage	like this
relax	relax
cheers	cheers
room 214	thank you
i m fine	i m busy
police	don t move
move	relax
bye	no
wai	i m here
i m here	wai
answer me	yes ok
jiney	what
mum	jin
no stop it	no
take it	go
jin	jin
hi	excuse me
i m back	hello
there	thanks
rika	it s this
come on	come here
yes	but
yes	all right
all right	yes
my name s	i told her
sachie	i told her
hurry home	ok see you
kazumi	kazumi
kazumi	hey kazumi
kazumi	kazumi
kazumi	hey kazumi
kazumi	kazumi
missus	missus
rika	rika
why	come on
come on	quick
quick	what is it
i m cold	yeah
mr toyama	please
please	get a grip
english	mr sekine
mr sekine	oh yuck
lzumi	lzumi
nothing	missing
she is not	find one
find one	not yet
mr sekine	what s up
bye	how long
let me see	no
where	i forget
close them	close them
peek a boo	peek a boo
yeah ok	ok see you
hello	hello rika
toshio	toshio
hi	excuse me
k	b
b	t c c
t c c	a x y
wait what	the road
i doubt it	come on
no	oh no
be careful	sara wait
i know	carry on
right jim	right max
a neo	i got it
naturally	in here
answer me	answer me
stop it	stop
stop	stop it
ki seok	ki seok
no no no	no
no no no	no
no no	no
no	no no
no no	it s ok no
come on	stop it
help	help
go go go	we re in
we re in	daniel
no no	it s ok no
come on	stop it
help	help
go go go	we re in
we re in	daniel
no no	it s ok no
come on	stop it
go go go	we re in
we re in	daniel
isabella	she s cute
hey	come sit
you just	take them
i m sorry	excuse me
hey hello	oh jesus
cigarette	cigarette
yeah yeah	hey josh
hey josh	faggot
okay	hey oli
hey oli	hey oli
hey oli	hey hey
hey	hey
no not yet	not yet
fuck	fuck
goddamn	fucker
right here	right now
yes	good
yes	good
i m not	sobs
romania	very good
sniffs	groans
like what	right
groans	hey
aah	shrieking
shrieking	oh fuck
shit	panting
panting	shit
shit	shit
rumbling	aah
amy klein	amy klein
shrieks	aah
no no	no no no
no no no	aah
aah	aah
this flesh	this blood
this blood	no
not solid	screams
screams	not here
murmuring	let me go
no	no
holy shit	no
sobbing	help
help	aah
aah	no
no	no
groans	aah
aah	aah
aah	screams
not done	nor will i
oh oh god	oh god
oh god	no
no	aah
aah	aah
aah	no
fear	screams
door opens	no
yes	that s it
go to hell	no
help me	screaming
aah	stop
stop	aah
sue me	son of a
yeah	shit
okay	sorry man
in my head	so have l
smart	angry
abort	fuck
sue me	son of a
yeah	shit
okay	sorry man
in my head	so have i
smart	angry
jack hey	jack
run	get them
jack	wait
wait	come on
no what	never mind
wait	what
sorry	let s go
maggie	don t
as ordered	wait
go hurry	go
jack	william
ok soo	ok soo
ain t they	were
could be	who knows
i love you	yes
yes	yes hurry
the river	the park
one hand	one heart
one heart	even death
even death	won t part
won t part	us now
it is bad	very bad
somehow	someday
someday	somewhere
cool	go crazy
hold it	now listen
i love him	i m his
i love him	we re one
tomorrow	and all
and all	of my life
somehow	someday
someday	some
and you	all of you
thank you	bye
bye	goodbye
goodbye	bye
bye	goodbye
yeah	sure
to yieu	and yieu
you know	i know
okay	thank you
bye bye	bye
not always	cvalda
gene	yeah
i send it	to grandpa
we il see	careful
mom	okay
you know	gene
to the top	yeah
selma	yeah
right	yeah
hello selm	hi bill
thank you	bye jeff
bye jeff	bye
it s a	shortcut
okay okay	thank you
it s music	now dance
hello jeff	hi kathy
goodnight	careful
and	you re on
i m open	okay
okay	samuel
samuel	yes
yup	okay
one two	three
all right	come on
no	get no
i ever saw	same here
hi selma	hi samuel
she s here	yeah
yeah	okay
okay	okay
march no	yeah
iike	hymns or
selma	selma
yeah	listen
come on	listen
two	three
three	four
four	five six
1 9 20	21 22 23
21 22 23	24 25
24 25	26 27 28
26 27 28	29 30
1 04 1 05	1 06
1 06	1 07
i m scared	it s okay
thank you	bye
bye	goodbye
goodbye	bye
bye	goodbye
yeah	sure
to yieu	and yieu
you know	i know
okay	thank you
bye bye	bye
not always	cvalda
gene	yeah
i send it	to grandpa
we il see	careful
mom	okay
you know	gene
to the top	yeah
selma	yeah
right	yeah
hello selm	hi bill
thank you	bye jeff
bye jeff	bye
it s a	shortcut
okay okay	thank you
it s music	now dance
hello jeff	hi kathy
goodnight	careful
and	you re on
i m open	okay
okay	samuel
samuel	yes
yup	okay
one two	three
all right	come on
no	get no
hi selma	hi samuel
she s here	yeah
yeah	okay
okay	okay
march no	yeah
iike	hymns or
selma	selma
yeah	listen
come on	listen
three	four
four	five six
1 9 20	21 22 23
21 22 23	24 25
24 25	26 27 28
26 27 28	29 30
70 71 72	75 76 77
1 04 1 05	1 06
1 06	1 07
i m scared	it s okay
ooh ooh	oof ohh
oof ohh	ohh
oh my	ah
oh dear	oh my
pooh	open up
pooh	whoa
but	i know
heh heh	nahhh
he can t	why not
uh right	um here
la la	la
la	la
ooh	oof
oh my	it s him
bother	oof
ho ho ho	uh here
uh here	ohh
whoa	oh bother
me	you
me too	if only
d oh	gifts
snow ho ho	yeehaw
brrrr	alright
oh oh no	why me
i will	oh
what	pooh bear
hello	hello
hello	uh h hello
well	mmm
it figures	oh whoa
me too	me three
tigger	aggh what
aggh what	oh yeah
see i uhh	umph
ha ha ha	ha ha ha
ha ha ha	ha ha ha
ha ha ha	ha ha ha
oh	honey
hello	eeyore
uh i um um	but uh
whooaaa	stop
whoaaa	aaah
oh aah	whoo
oh ooh	ta daaa
oh	mmm oh
5 4 3	2 1
oh	oof
oof	oh
thanks	yes
uh huh	nasty
nothing	you okay
bull	where am i
duck	keep going
keep going	duck
duck	keep going
keep going	duck
16 15	14 13 12
14 13 12	11 10 9
yes sir	and listen
jack	curtis
hello erin	hello jack
jerk	got him
got him	great job
wait wait	what is it
jack no	jack
jack	audrey
audrey	jack
in	stalker
why	quiet
anyway	i
don t ask	chao
asshole	cristine
what is uh	happening
no	oh please
climb	climb
here	come on
all right	i think
i think	if we
ah	shit
please uh	accept my
united	what
ilsa	ilsa
nickie	sir
hello	sir
listen	i
the photo	the gun
the gun	the clown
was he uh	morose
morose	i mean
yes	it s maria
what	not here
tags	two things
right now	i am
i am	extremely
extremely	dangerous
this	is
is	the bill
thank you	both
no	it s
it s	clair
originally	o oklahoma
o oklahoma	colorado
mrs rubin	mrs rubin
paulie	paulie
go on	good luck
oh god	what
what	talk to me
hello	who is it
no no	no
yeah ready	we re here
same mark	right
right	zoom zoom
enhance	fade
yes it is	it sa logo
it sa logo	an old
7	8 4 9 9
what	what
lincoln	oh god
cmo ests	mira
shit	oh my god
morning	you okay
thelma	you okay
old paper	old gun
fuck him	fuck him
you there	im here
go on	good iuck
oh god	what is it
oh god	what
what	talk to me
oh jesus	talk to me
amelia	amelia
rats	dead cows
yeah ready	were here
ecu	view scan
same mark	right
right	zoom
zoom	zoom
enhance	fade
found them	over here
over here	here
here	here
over here	here
come on	breathe
breathe	breathe
you know	we ve met
composed	what
what	i gotta go
mary	mary
i m sorry	for what
what	fine
yes	yes
reds eyes	as a moth
yeah	yeah
mr klein	hello
and then	i hear
i hear	this weird
gordon	wait wait
yeah	i met him
bright	lightning
my name	is indrid
is indrid	cold
sure	hang on
when	why
no	no
no	no
please	it s okay
yeah	yeah hi
so	so what
it went	yeah
no	i m sorry
time s up	for who
yeah files	why
come on	yeah
no	no
go	talk to me
i love you	fuck you
oh	nick
hello	what is it
a tooth	oh my god
oh my god	back molar
back molar	blasted it
he hasn t	not once
yeah	r mosley
r mosley	mosley
hey	fuck
fuck you	get down
get down	fuck you
huh no	fine
no huh	no
okay	all right
all right	yeah okay
hey	hey
hey	god
god	tellis
go	goddamn it
hey god	tellis
off roster	why
come on	go home
go home	come on
shut up	shut up
do not	fucking go
fucking go	tell me
oh my god	mike
mike	mike
mike	mike
mike	mike
yes	captain
open it	it s me
magazine	no
jin ju	tacky
captain	captain
it s alice	yes alice
because	wait
wait	come here
ok yes	bye
my compact	thanks
did you	did you
fine	fine
travel	travel
here	what is it
you ok yes	no
who	you
i love you	i love you
doc	max
frame	nope
again	frame
what here	here
what here	here
baby	o oh baby
for what	just space
just space	1
1	2
2	3
3	and 4
whoa	ouch
the rash	mm hmm
here it is	thanks
by 10 00	yes
carl	yeah
carl what	hurry help
hurry help	oh my god
here	voila
voila	wow
my love	my darlin
it s 2 a m	and time
and time	goes by
goes by	so slowly
so slowly	and time
are you	still mine
still mine	oh no
can i help	yeah
to the sea	to the sea
of the sea	yeah
oh	my love
my love	my darlin
and time	goes by
goes by	so slowly
so slowly	and time
are you	still mine
still mine	i need
i need	your love
your love	i
yeah sure	what s up
later	yeah
what	what
what	yep
somebody	somebody
aah	aah
all right	here we go
here we go	1
sam	oh sam
oh god	help me
our body	our mind
it s great	office
carl	yeah
aah	shit
hello	hello
thank you	thank you
consuelo	lucita
lucita	julietta
how much	20
my husband	have mercy
julio	yes
no way	aah
it s ok	it s ok
what	white
ring	hello
click	i told you
i told you	go there
oh	woof
click	i told you
no	it s molly
yeah yeah	huh cute
just do it	argh
ok	all right
i m	dead
1967	shreveport
shreveport	forgery
ring	hello
hi	hey
yeah	oh shit
i can t	i m sorry
i m sorry	it s ok
yeah	sure
sure	great
no	get off
get off	get off
get off	get off
get off	get off
get off	get off
get off	no
get off	no
no	get off
ok	ok
i did it	i did it
i did it	way to go
orlando	orlando
i m here	he s here
he s here	oda mae i
oda mae i	sam
excuse me	excuse me
orlando	ugh
willy	willy
926 31043	926
926	31043
31043	31043
a what	let s go
jawohl	excuse me
sure did	sure did
randy	so what um
yes	yes
yes	yes
yes	926 31043
yeah	good
4 million	shh
molly hi	hi
right here	right
oh yes uh	molly
molly	molly
hey	hi
um	jesus
oda mae	sam
sam	not again
help me	help
aah aah	no no no
no no no	aah
aah	help me
let us in	no
oh my love	my darlin
to the sea	to the sea
of the sea	yeah
yeah	oh my love
oh my love	my darlin
it s carl	molly
molly	molly
shit	unh oh
click	the check
now just	iook
oh carl	what
kip kip	kip
clap now	yeah
and a name	i see
we die	we die
the bench	two
hello	jesus
ground	okay
okay	ten
ten	eleven
twelve	thirteen
thirteen	fourteen
fourteen	fifteen
fifteen	sixteen
seventeen	eighteen
eighteen	nineteen
nineteen	got it
yes	i think so
the german	heinrich
heinrich	knutzhorn
got it	detective
who for	my boss
chow	coming
good night	good night
don t lie	look at me
don t lie	tell me
tell me	look at me
oh yeah	oh
i raymond	ray i
ray i	ian
all right	later
see ya	goodbye
okay	so yeah
let s live	i love you
unless	what
what	no no
who	never mind
never mind	what else
i m home	hello
gotta run	c mon wait
soeun	yes
bastard	what
donghee	what s up
it s ok	going home
gotta go	ok bye
ok bye	let s go
not hardly	jen
seraphine	sarah
one two	three
groans	groans
groans	shit
do they	i think so
it s okay	it s okay
um	i m i m uh
laughs	sighs
sighs	soft jazz
well he	never mind
whistles	ha ha
ah ah	that mmm
am i so	hypnotized
whimpering	oh
mommy	giggles
giggles	mommy
mommy	mommy
mommy	mom
hold this	of course
uh	no no no
no no no	okay rela
go go	ya
ya	ya
neighing	snorting
snorting	snorting
neighing	ya
no	oh
oh	let go
goddamn it	yells
yells	whoa whoa
goddamn it	groans
kate	stuart
ye	okay
look	i m sorry
oh	otis
otis	otis
i promise	bart
bart	barking
look here	uh
let s go	screaming
screaming	growling
growling	grunts oh
grunts oh	oh
oh	oh jesus
stay	stay bart
stay bart	stay
screaming	thudding
come on	let s go
so sorry	stupid
darci	last page
you okay	i m fine
hello	hello
okay okay	bye
bye	sit down
at commune	kate yeah
charlie	hey kate
charles	hey leo
hey leo	be nice
barking	groans
whoo	laughing
hey	asshole
asshole	goddamn it
goddamn it	panting
good night	good night
no	no
thanks	you got it
yeah	right well
kate	hi kate
hi kate	hi charlie
fluently	oh
sighs	sorry
kate	uh kate
j j	j j hi
oh	hey
kate	yeah
ticking	bell dings
you do	yes
do you	what
like today	yes
uh no	no
no	chuckles
chuckles	not yet
kate	hmm
hmm	would you
oh	kate sighs
leopold	leopold
rattling	spilling
spilling	rattling
rattling	spilling
spilling	rattling
beep	hello
i miss you	i miss you
yes sir	leopold
leopold	leopold
hi	hello
excuse me	hey kate
laughter	excuse me
i am so	kate
kate	stuart
go back	how
j j kate	oh
you okay	yeah
yeah	i m sorry
i m sorry	thank you
what	leopold
jesus whoo	oh god
i love you	i love you
go on	open up
you ok	i m ok
where to	far away
lesson 3	dialogue
really	no
okay	no
no	bourbon
hi	hi
hi	hi
hi	bye
bye	bye
hi there	i m ann
no	no
sure	thanks
hey	hello
fred jacob	jacob
hi	what is it
hello	here
i love you	i know
come on	here it is
one two ow	sorry
hello	ah oh
60 days	30 days
now	lionel
i did	wha
next	too old
too old	too young
ah	ah
oh	clarisse
you know	sorry
mia	yeah
gentlemen	jerry dean
may l	ha
and you	me
me	go on
don t you	goodbye
yes i have	i see
mia	doors
so	anything
spark	me too
thanks mom	knockiing
honks	go
knocks	princess
princess	yes
thank you	for for uh
helen	welcome
we accept	sit down
aye	aye
aye	aye aye
finally	wed
genovia	genovia
genovia	forever
forward	march
gentlemen	jerry dean
may i	ha
and you	me
me	go on
don t you	goodbye
yes i have	i see
mia	doors
so	anything
spark	me too
princess	yes
thank you	for for uh
helen	welcome
we accept	sit down
aye	aye
aye	aye aye
finally	wed
genovia	genovia
genovia	forever
ruth yes	you okay
you okay	and you
never mind	never mind
and	be happy
i can	feel it
luh	absolute
9	3437
hold me	hold me
look	what
hi	hi
come on	oh yeah
changeable	alterable
mutable	variable
variable	versatile
versatile	moldable
moldable	movable
movable	fluctuate
fluctuate	undulate
undulate	flicker
flicker	flutter
flutter	pulsate
pulsate	vibrate
vibrate	alternate
right ok	plug us in
plug us in	thank you
5 4	3 2
3 2	1
20 seconds	18 17
18 17	12 11 10
12 11 10	9 8 7
9 8 7	6 5 4
6 5 4	3 2
3 2	1 lock
1 lock	disengage
9 8	7 6
7 6	5 4
5 4	3 2 1
ok	try it
oh god	yes
brett	brett
no blood	no dallas
no dallas	nothing
a survivor	unclouded
jones	jones
kill me	kill me
29 28	27
27	26 25
26 25	24
24	23 22
19 18	17 16
17 16	15 14 13
15 14 13	12
9 8	7 6
7 6	5 4
5 4	3 2
3 2	1
27 26	25 24
25 24	23 22
19 18	17 16
17 16	15 14
15 14	13 12 11
13 12 11	10 seconds
10 seconds	9 8
9 8	7 6
7 6	5 4
5 4	3 2 1
you are my	lucky star
lucky star	you
okay do it	aah
slurping	chittering
look	trilling
trills	earthman
jerry aah	aah jerry
aah jerry	jerry
jerry	aah
aah	jerry oh
ooh	zotair
anybody	clanging
zammis hmm	zammis
over here	help me
zammis	is coming
is coming	oh god
oh god	god
jerry	davidge
of dracon	and recite
swear	no swear
you have	s s
no	jerry
whimpering	grunting
gurgles	gurgling
so long	next
it s uncle	zammis
zammis	zammis
zammis	zammis
narishima	help me
greetings	thor
likewise	indeed
into what	a ship
no	yes
no yes	no yes
sam	carter
carter	over here
me	yeah you
yeah you	brigadier
that s a	con con
so coffee	yeah
m zel	teal c
we do not	what
brooks	go ahead
leave us	my lord
yes sir	sir
p3s 114	dial it
dial it	yes sir
what	who says
but not	much
envy	puberty
puberty	how old
can t be	could be
where am l	where
holy shit	my god
about what	about me
tek kelime	kk e byk x
byk z	existenz
ve burda	uan
ted pikul	what hap
what hap	what
a human	tooth
oh god	god
i love it	great
feels	cold
shit	pikul
take that	good
good	port in
absurd	grotesque
very good	enjoy
waiter	waiter
great	now listen
now listen	listen
galatea	galatea
remarkable	thank you
i do	and hands
andrew	andrew
it is you	yes
complete	complete
wonderful	so do i
i see	and here
about us	no
night	sorry sir
yeah	rattling
okay	thank you
really	humans
galatea	galatea
okay	stops
oh	but lovely
but lovely	thank you
whirring	beeping
andrew	andrew
it is you	yes
about you	above all
classical	chattering
complete	complete
people run	sun to sun
kinepolis	whats that
whats that	lovendpis
sir gauls	midifix
and ldfix	what
workers	workers
workers	comrades
there	hes right
woman	woman
say ah	all ah
make	a robot
david	yes teddy
hi	hi
hurricane	dolphin
dolphin	tulip
david	monica
what	when
thank you	um sniffes
yes	i think
ow	continues
six five	four three
four three	two one
gasping	emma
emma	oh sobbing
hissing	whirring
nice suit	very retro
very retro	thank you
groans	grunting
screaming	mara
grunting	growling
mara	mara
the past	man s past
yes	machines
what	emma
no no	i m fine
hey	hello
hello	nice suit
nice suit	very retro
very retro	thank you
tomorrow	yes i will
lkalen	lkalen
mara	mara
yes	i m glad
i m glad	sir
his home	long ago
i will	promise
promise	i promise
dick	dirk
talk	cool
now eat it	impervious
aaron	sorry
an angel	singing
singing	an angel
no	it was joy
jim	wait
what s up	nothin
come on	so
sure	no look
you	you
you	you
sorry	that s ok
frank	hannah
hannah	frank
frank	frank
hello jim	hello
mailer jim	jim mailer
a child	yes
time to go	quarantine
no	ladies
come on up	col
hannah	selena
move	move move
jim	wait
what s up	nothin
come on	so
sure	no look
you	you
you	you
sorry	that s ok
frank	hannah
hannah	frank
frank	frank
hello jim	hello
mailer jim	jim mailer
a child	yes
time to go	quarantine
no	ladies
come on up	col
hannah	selena
move	move move
tv on	yawning
music off	water off
no	strange
zapping	groaning
groans	yes
beeping	whirring
tick tock	tick tock
grunts	screaming
grunting	screaming
screams	oh shit
grunts	sighs
sighs	beeping
beeping	shh shh
shh shh	hold on
hold on	beeping
spence	maya
maya	thank god
maya	you re not
gasps	i said
squeak	whirring
clanking	grunts
get up	get up
yes sir	fall in
now get up	grunts
walk	walk
come on	just do it
his work	we
this hurts	grunts
grunts	sighs
sighs	well
gruting	grunts
grunting	groaning
groaning	whining
whining	grunting
grunting	grunting
groaning	come on
yells	grunts
grunts	yells
yells	gagging
clicking	safety
safety	grunting
oh christ	not now
easy easy	shuddering
hey olham	olham
olham	what
come on	beeping
after that	olham
olham	walk away
walk away	right now
right now	right now
gunfire	grunting
groaning	grunting
groaning	here
here	groans
clattering	gunshots
footsteps	burrows
maya gasps	oh god
no	what
grunt	shouting
don t	gasping
gasping	look at me
look at me	come to me
come to me	no no
man major	grunting
grunting	major
major	yes
yes	grunting
let s go	excuse me
okay	thank you
go	go on
like this	it wasn t
well	thank you
ready yeah	go
go go	yes faster
let s go	excuse me
all right	all right
oh man	oh my god
shit	go
you	why
i did	ok
lapierre	long time
garth	major
king	king yeah
i m dying	no not yet
lapierre	long time
garth	major
king	king yeah
i m dying	no not yet
gaius	gaius
explosion	that s six
yes ma am	d asin dog
d asin dog	dash 4 5 6
dash 4 5 6	dash 3 4 5
sir	sobbing
oh my god	polly
polly	polly
polly	polly
oh great	we re safe
what	nanjing
two	one
oh great	come on
nine	eight
eight	seven
seven	six
six	five
five	four
nine	eight
eight	seven
four	three
two	one
oh my god	polly
polly	polly
polly	polly
oh great	we re safe
what	nanjing
two	one
oh great	come on
nine	eight
eight	seven
seven	six
six	five
five	four
nine	eight
eight	seven
four	three
three	two
two	one
water	water
mommy help	anna
check mate	you win
y y o	u d s
u d s	s a n
what now	please
what	what
no	okay
okay	no
sure	nothing
oh my god	what
what	your face
cubes	christ
what	sir
yes sir	yes sir
chickliss	oh man
water	water
mommy help	anna
check mate	you win
y y o	u d s
u d s	s a n
what now	please
what	what
no	okay
okay	no
sure	nothing
oh my god	what
what	your face
cubes	christ
what	sir
sir	yes sir
chickliss	oh man
water	water
water	water
water	water
dammit	damn
you sure	yes
mommy	mommy help
mommy help	anna
anna	no no
help	help
check mate	you win
y y o	u d s
u d s	s a n
right	i dunno
yeah	sir
what now	please
what	what
no	okay
okay	no
i m inside	okay
sure	nothing
oh my god	what
what	your face
cubes	christ
god dammit	what
what	sir
sir	yes sir
yes sir	yes sir
yes sir	sorry sir
come on	gotcha
chickliss	oh man
ok	thanks
yep	i hope so
thank you	i ve
excuse me	mr hakman
mr hakman	mrs monroe
childhood	sleep
sleep	puberty
puberty	eating
religion	tragedy
tragedy	wedding
fears	athletics
university	violence
violence	school
school	courtship
courtship	career
yeah yeah	alan
really	yeah
yeah	fletcher
alan	alan
family	career
career	community
hunt	no hunt
i m fine	ok
very	yeah
fletcher	i m armed
no no	no
my implant	what
alan	alan
alan	alan
all of it	all of it
porter	porter
porter	porter
cuado	oh jeez
yes yes	look out
come on go	go
shark	shark
hey	move move
ben hey	it s okay
okay	okay okay
what cat	cat cat
hear hear	cheers
what	what
no	oh my god
trish	daddy
daddy	i m toast
trainer	why us
why us	dr lang
colonel	major
lang	what
it s gone	what
yeah you	i m cool
come on	trainer
yes sir	you il die
bang	sanchez
here we go	three
three	two
two	one
hey	come on
bang	sanchez
bye	see you
no no no	shit
radio	oh my god
all right	okay
man 1	man 2
oh	screaming
robert	robert
robert	robert
no	damn it
no no no	shit
oh crap	y i groans
all right	okay
robert	robert
robert	robert
no	damn it
oh okay	which one
okay bye	bye dear
i want one	me too
sir	excuse me
yeah	try now
try now	try
now please	please
con cond	oms
listen	yes
harder	push
no	why
why	because
what a day	you better
you better	yes
what is it	nothing
no coffee	you knew
you knew	knew what
come in	thank you
understand	cutie
my name s	cutie
cut it out	let me go
nix zilch	zero
yes	and why
watch this	magic
perfect	perfect
hello	josphine
bob	yes
bob	uncle bob
i want you	me too
me too	i m hungry
i m hungry	me too
you bet	champagne
ok	i il go
bathroom	over there
understand	cutie
my name s	cutie
cut it out	let me go
nix zilch	zero
watch this	magic
perfect	perfect
heilo	josphine
heilo	marie
bob	yes
bob	uncle bob
okay	i ii go
bathroom	over there
promise	all right
ok	promise
promise	i promise
no	no
no	no
no	me neither
i m alone	jesus fuck
please	such as
money	power
which bank	riggs bank
your key	yes i do
hey sarge	hey son
this is	a brief
drink	make love
8 5 6	v n n
please	such as
good night	listen
money	power
power	influence
your key	yes i do
on the way	senator
great	just great
cheers	nice going
i know	i know
think real	fucking
fucking	hard
shit	shit
kate	kate
guess what	no slug
got to	pardon
you said	feeble
walter	come in
one	two
two	three
go ahead	run
gladly	good
spawn	i m cyan
not yet	but soon
but soon	heads up
heads up	got one
peek a boo	i see you
mr cohen	mr cohen
max	jenna
are you ok	get out
max	max
max	max
max	max
15 10	16 55
16 55	10 35
no no	no
eight	nine
coming	all right
all right	l m ready
my	husband
good	good
i do	i adore it
not just	now
of course	thanks
yes	but will l
happen to	fuck them
aren t you	no
and yet	at no time
and i was	relieved
cozy place	it s okay
you see	and
it s okay	l m sorry
yes dear	come come
you hungry	sort of
what is it	domino
coming	all right
all right	l m ready
my	husband
good	good
i do	i adore it
not just	now
of course	thanks
yes	but will l
aren t you	no
and yet	at no time
and i was	relieved
cozy place	it s okay
you see	and
yes dear	come come
you hungry	sort of
what is it	domino
so what	what what
i m trying	you do
kitchen	good
hello	yes i got
63 dead	over taxes
over taxes	dean alone
alright	come on
3 000	5 000
matty	hey kiddo
matty	matty
clattering	jenna
laughs hi	hi
cody cody	cody cody
nice club	just relax
mim	mim
cody	cody
honey	hello mags
cody	cody
oh here	oh here
mim	mim
cody	come on
or maybe	or maybe
no	look
jump cody	jump
after you	thank you
hey	clamoring
grunts mim	gunshot
gunshot	no
yelling	yells
four three	two one
clattering	jenna
laughs hi	hi
cody cody	cody cody
nice club	just relax
mim	mim
cody	cody
cody	cody
oh here	oh here
mim	mim
cody	come on
or maybe	or maybe
no	look
jump cody	jump
after you	thank you
hey	clamoring
grunts mim	gunshot
gunshot	no
yelling	yells
four three	two one
tracie mmm	mmm
hold on	alex
hello	you okay
sobbing	no please
have one	thank you
ring	ring cross
ringing	hey hey
ring	ring
ring	ring
ring	ring
damn it	alex
jezzie	jezzie
tracie mmm	mmm
hold on	alex
hello	you okay
sobbing	no please
have one	thank you
ring	ring cross
ringing	hey hey
ring	ring
ring	ring
ring	ring
damn it	alex
jezzie	jezzie
29 black	no winner
thank you	claudia
how much	what
play	play what
h ello	h ello
okay well	nothing
what	the s car
will it do	yes
come on	faster
then	one day
or two	or none
hello	oh hi
really	both times
i know	oh
keep going	ok no
giggles	you know
i could be	if you are
ha	this one
ok	a toast
a toast	to
you know	alan
car horn	wow
good good	yes
two	three
three	blow
huh	ta da
ta da	cheering
fpqs	what
which is	us
10am	sure
sure	ok
baby	hm
louise	louise
louise	baby
baby	louise
louise	lou
lou	louise
got it	got it
yeah here	wait
lily	lily
yes	california
what word	bang
he has	difficulty
shit	go for it
come on	wake up
wake up	look at me
who	my man
hi there	my meeting
get out	listen
how much	one a bit
one a bit	a bit
a bit	eleven
okay	kathy
davey	frank
top up	well no
unfair	unfair
unfair	christ
alone	yes
get me	willy
fuck you	fuck you
nothing	nothing
nothing	ask irish
no get in	get inside
now	now
not really	no
no	no
get out	go tonight
hello	pack a bag
nothing	nothing
kristina	kristina
i m david	joelle
shoot him	shoot him
hello	hello
yes	very
yes	yes
see ya	click
clams	clams
3	c mon
not reaily	course
reaily	is it good
i m sorry	it s okay
i see you	talk to me
right now	drop it
nice knife	yeah
all right	two hours
two hours	no
no	wait
hey mate	hey mate
he sent me	one man
thank you	for what
yeah	she s safe
i see you	talk to me
right now	drop it
nice knife	yeah
all right	two hours
no	wait
hey mate	hey mate
he sent me	one man
thank you	for what
yeah	she s safe
i see you	talk to me
right now	drop it
nice knife	yeah
all right	two hours
two hours	no
no	wait
hey mate	hey mate
he sent me	one man
thank you	for what
yeah	she s safe
five four	three two
three two	one
seeing	seeing
hey	hey hey
fuck you	you fuck
five four	three two
three two	one
charlie	charlie
charlie	charlie
charlie	charlie
charlie	charlie
charlie	charlie
charlie	charlie
agony	torture
torture	evil
hey buddy	you okay
get up	get up
so tired	so tired
five four	three two
three two	one
seeing	seeing
hey	hey hey
fuck you	you fuck
five four	three two
three two	one
charlie	charlie
charlie	charlie
charlie	charlie
charlie	charlie
charlie	charlie
charlie	charlie
agony	torture
torture	evil
hey buddy	you okay
get up	get up
so tired	so tired
let s see	cape fear
so	i broke it
teii me	not a iot
i can t	okay
simon	hello
what	e r e r
okay ready	smile
oh my god	stop
stop	woo
ah	hey
hey	help
hey	hey
reznik	ah
7 4	3 c r
3 c r	it s 743cr
stevie	yeah
yeah	thanks
dr pepper	dr pepper
im good	ok
freeze	oh shit
sure	what kind
what kind	the usual
aii right	angel
oh my god	lets go
sam sam	sam
please sam	no
oh addison	addison
himmat	mehendi
mehendi	age
hello	greetings
welcome	okay
sir	brother
what is it	learjet
biscuits	biscuits
here	take it
from us	go on
fuck	any good
ready	ready
sorry mate	argh fuck
amigos	ok
hey	chico
chico	amigos
holiday	no
freeze	jesus
jesus	charl
is that it	read it
come here	that s it
hi	hi
hello	kim
kim	kim
ke	ke
corporal	sir
it s just	i am shy
i am shy	honestly
hello	it s me
any news	about
all right	colin
right	tea s up
screenplay	music by
make up	costume
ssh	my papa
preferably	single men
ladies	excuse me
maybe ten	me not one
nothing	nothing
dog out	plane boom
me yes you	take care
come here	hello
all right	hashey
sniper	sarge
killed	killed
alex	that way
sit down	thanks
bye emmy	goodbye
say	7000
maybe	all right
ruby	yes sir
ready	fire
mean	sorry
he	raped me
yes	explosives
how do	texas
stored hay	got it
got it	yeah
yeah	sure
4 minutes	she s set
she s set	go ahead
ready	andy
one	two three
hungry too	come on
what	scalps
what	skin this
gone where	dead
hey you	come here
what	gold
no powder	no guns
no guns	no bullets
